[00:00:00] **Intro:** Welcome to Syntax. Welcome to a brand new episode of the
Front End Happy Hour podcast. Welcome to this week's JS Party. Live from Ship
Shape Studios, this is Whiskey Web and Whatnot. With your hosts, Robbie the
Wagner, and me, Charles William Carpenter III. That's right Charles. We drink
whiskey and talk about web development.

I mean, it's all in the name. It's not that deep. This is Whiskey Web and
Whatnot. Do not adjust your set.

**Promo:** Whiskey Web and Whatnot is brought to you by Wix. We're big fans of
Wix here on the show. We've had Yoav and Emmy on before on episode 98. If you're
interested in more about Wix, definitely check that episode out. But I'm here
today specifically to talk to you about the new Wix Studio. Digital marketers,
this one's for you. I've got 30 seconds to tell you about Wix Studio, [00:01:00]
the web platform for agencies and enterprises. So here are a few things you can
do in 30 seconds or less when you manage projects on Wix Studio. Work in sync
with your team on one canvas. Reuse templates, widgets, and sections across
sites. Create a client kit for seamless handovers. And leverage best-in-class
SEO defaults across all your Wix sites. Time's up, but the list keeps going.
Step into Wix Studio to see more.

**Robbie Wagner:** What's going on everybody? Welcome to Whiskey Web and Whatnot
with your hosts, RobbietheWagner, and Charles William Carpenter III with me.
Charles, third one with our guest today. Carson Gross. What's going on Carson?

**Carson Gross:** Not too much. Thanks for having me on, guys. Excited beer. And
to talk a little bit.

I'm, I have to admit, I'm not, I don't drink a ton of whiskey, so this is gonna
be interesting to see what happens. What kind of

**Chuck Carpenter:** fishermen are you? You know, you, what kind of fisherman
are, you know, I drank,

**Carson Gross:** I, so I tried to pretend, I was like, you know, in college I
drank a lot of [00:02:00] scotch whiskeys and then I, I.

Was like, okay, I kinda like Irish stuff better. And then I realized I just like
Jamison, which is like, you know,

**Chuck Carpenter:** yeah, yeah. This is not

**Carson Gross:** good stuff. But, and so I drank that for a long, and then I
just, you know, you get old and I don't know, I just, it, I've got too much
stuff going on.

Yeah.

**Carson Gross:** Started to wear me out, but, but I'll try today.

Well, it looks good. Smells real good. So,

**Chuck Carpenter:** yeah, I'll, I'll address your Jimmy comment once we get to
whiskey, but Robbie probably wants to let you introduce yourself.

**Carson Gross:** So, yeah. Um, my name's Carson Gross. I'm a, a professor at
Montana State and, uh, probably most well known for, for making HTMX, which is a
front end library that's a little different than libraries, like React and so
forth.

It's a web front end library and it focuses on hypermedia. So that's a big topic
that I, I talk about a lot. I've got a book called Hypermedia Systems, which is
at the URL hypermedia systems that, uh, your [00:03:00] listeners can check out.
It's available online for free, but you can buy a hard copy version of it and
there's a, a Kindle version of it.

We're gonna try and get a paper bag done, but it's, it's a lot of work. I
haven't been super happy with Amazon's printing system for the, for the
hardcover, but you know, it is what it is. It's self-published, so,

**Chuck Carpenter:** yeah, it's dope though. Well, before we get into all of
that, then let's address the whiskey portion, expand your palette, whatever.

Today we're having the bullet rye 12 year, so whiskeys when they are a blend as
this one is, they have to age state at the youngest one in, in that blend. And
so bullet says there are rise aged up to 17 years. In this one it is 92 proof as
a mash bill of 90% rye and 5% malted barley. And away we go. See, we can't
afford a Foley auto artist, so I have to pour into the mic.

Mm. Not on the mic though. That's a mistake.

**Robbie Wagner:** It smells like a [00:04:00] Christmas tree.

**Chuck Carpenter:** Oh, really? You're getting a little evergreen, huh? Maybe.
But I was gonna say, or maybe more like Christmas

**Robbie Wagner:** time when you're drinking this like a

**Chuck Carpenter:** lemon zest for me. But I guess I could kinda see it

**Carson Gross:** smells like whiskey to me.

**Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, it's definitely, that looks like they put some
alcohol in a barrel and that barrel made this, and that is also true.

That's accurate.

**Robbie Wagner:** Yeah.

**Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. There's no wrong answers, but yeah, maybe there's a
little, little green little cut grass and lemon for me. So that's where I'm
going with it. I'm gonna prime the

**Robbie Wagner:** palate. Yeah. I did have the non 12 year one, two days ago.
Mm-Hmm. And I'm gonna say this smells better. I can't quantify why, but has a
lot of similar notes.

And one of the notes that I also got on the previous one was like bananas,
fostery like Mm-Hmm. Like a sweet desserty. Something in the smell. It didn't
really taste like that, but like the smell smells like that.

**Chuck Carpenter:** The power of suggestion though, was bullshit. 'cause as
soon as you said that, I started to like feel a little like [00:05:00]
caramelized sugar in the back of my tongue.

Yeah, I, yeah, it

**Carson Gross:** smells, it smells real sweet. It doesn't, I don't get it when
I drink it. Yeah, it smells real sweet.

**Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, this is a pretty high rise, so I'm expecting a lot of
spice, but I'm not actually getting a ton of spice in the flavor. Yeah,

**Carson Gross:** no, I agree.

**Chuck Carpenter:** I really get a little more, like now I'm saying like a bit
of char, a bit of maple in it, and then something else in the middle.

Yeah. Honestly, tastes, um, these are all made up words anyway,

**Robbie Wagner:** like bourbon should taste, I know it's not bourbon, but
Right. Like very sweet, but also they cut it with that spice, like it's very
balanced, I feel like.

**Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I, it's, it's very rich and flavorful
and it's even got a little burn in it, even though it's only 92 proof.

So some to that. Listen, listen here, Carson. Yeah. When you grow up, sometimes
we do, you start to grow

**Robbie Wagner:** up, huh? Like 126 proof or something? Like it gets pretty
high. [00:06:00]

**Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. We have done some super hot stuff. Yeah. We've done,
there is a, there's a couple of, uh, there's a few things they'll put out like
one 30 Pro Plus and there's a, a, a stag junior that, uh, they've done a couple
of batches, like a, you know, one thirty, one thirty six proof and they call 'em
hazmats 'cause they're too high approved to bring on a, on a plane.

Oh, really?

**Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Yeah, yeah. If you want to expand your palate. I just
happened to have been, uh. Uh, situated right near Belgrade Liquors in Belgrade,
and that is a very nice shop. So this episode is sponsored by Belgrade Liquors.
They won't ship to me, but I went there once. Yeah, so I picked this up there
and they had a lot of really nice choices.

Some like very nice like allocated things and some store picks and everything
else. So just a side note, if you decide you want to like not just get Jameson,
which I personally don't think is bad, like it's, no, I think it's good. It's a
solid, it's actually better than, you know, a number of other [00:07:00] Irish
whiskeys that I've had.

So it's like a good solid choice. It's like going and get Maker's Mark, like,
you know, it's, you know what it's gonna taste like. It's gonna be consistent.
It's good. Right now the Jameson 15 is really good. If you wanna like have
something special, I'd go that direction. Red

**Carson Gross:** breast, right? Isn't red breast the same?

Yeah, same group. Mm-Hmm.

**Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. And their twelves and 12 and 15 is also very good.
So, okay. Um, yeah. I love

**Carson Gross:** Belgrade's a cool town. You're talking about Belgrade Montana
for the list. Yeah. Yeah, that's true. It's the, that's a good point out. It's
the, it's like Manhattan. There's a Manhattan, like the next town over is
Manhattan, but it's man Manhattan, Montana.

Which is a little bit different by than I bet than, yeah, slightly than most
people know about. But, uh, that's a great little town. I actually, I go to
church out there, so, uh Oh, nice, nice. Very, very Montana town. It's where the
airport is.

**Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Yeah, it is. Where not one of the nicer luck into
ends that I've been to is also not sure I'd suggest that, but the Belgrade
[00:08:00] liquor's.

Very nice.

**Carson Gross:** Yeah. They're building a bunch of new hotels out there, so
there should be other options soon. But it's a better place if you, if you don't
need to be in Bozeman, it's way cheaper to be out there.

**Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, that's fair. Well, typically I have family in
Bozeman, so typically I just have a place to crash, but they just had a new baby
three weeks ago, so it was mutually beneficial for me not to sleep there.

Yeah,

**Carson Gross:** yeah,

**Chuck Carpenter:** yeah. Inconvenient of them. Yeah, it's crazy. The timing is
scary. Keep making more. Yeah, keep making more rheims like you need more of
those in the world. Okay, so as an avid listener of the show, Carson, you
obviously know that we have a very stringent rating system from zero to eight
tentacles, zero being horrible.

You probably should spit this out. Four. Is middle of the road not bad, not
great. Eight is amazing. Clear the shelves kind of thing. We tend to rate
against other whiskeys of the same style, but you don't, certainly don't have to
do that. You can generalize it however you'd [00:09:00] like. And Robbie likes
to go first.

Really set the tone.

**Robbie Wagner:** I do love going first. So this is. Uh, pretty good. It's very
balanced. I don't know that it is super screaming rye to me, honestly. But the
tastes are good. It's better than the not 12 year, I'm gonna say six point. 8,
7, 6 2 repeating.

**Chuck Carpenter:** Wow. Yeah. We're very serious about it. Specific on our
show.

Yeah. And later in my kid,

**Carson Gross:** my kid was, we were watching HGTV one time and uh, it was one
of those like really miserable couples that like comes in and criticizes
everything. And my uh, middle son was probably about six years old at the time,
and he turns to me and goes, that woman is very specific. So.

**Chuck Carpenter:** That's funny.

**Carson Gross:** That's pretty, that's pretty specific.

**Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Yeah. And Robbie's also a woman, so

**Carson Gross:** not implying that, I'm just saying that's a pretty specific
[00:10:00] number.

**Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, it really was. Yeah. He's, you know, he's still
working on these junkies. Do you feel prepared Carson to give a rating?

**Carson Gross:** Yeah, I think I'd give it a six.

Definitely better than, uh, average. I, I don't like the, like really heavy
Petey stuff, you know, and that you find in a lot of Scottish whiskeys. That's
really my big turnoff when it comes to whiskeys is, is the, that really Petey
taste. So I like the cleaner stuff and obviously the Irish stuff. So this is
definitely different being rye, but I like it.

It's good. It smells a little bit better than it tastes to me, but that's how it
usually is. So

**Chuck Carpenter:** yeah, it goes that way sometimes, you know, you could
always try with a cube or get crazy later on. Yeah. But yeah, I'm kind of with
you. I, so, and I tend to, to consider price points and stuff too, like what's
the value for money?

And this is like 55 bucks I think, give or takes, something like that. And so I
think it's a pretty good deal at that price point. Now compared to some,
depending upon if folks prefer a [00:11:00] traditional like high spice kind of
rye, I think they might find this a little more mellow. But I do think it has
some nice, yummy, good flavors.

If I was gonna look at like the $40 normal bullet rye or this, I would
definitely pay more money to do this one. So. Yeah, I'm kind of with you
actually. It feels a little like a, you know, six or if I'm Robbie, 6.2 5 4 6 8
9 9 9 9. That wasn't the number

**Robbie Wagner:** I said, so you already No, it wasn't,

**Chuck Carpenter:** but I was just doing one.

I was just doing one. You know, that embellished it for no good reason. But
yeah. Uh, would recommend.

**Robbie Wagner:** All right, let's do some hot takes two cake. Hot takes. Well,
yeah, they're not that hot, but I always say they're not that hot. Some of them
are hot. I don't know. In TypeScript inferred types or explicit types, I.

**Carson Gross:** I don't use typescripts, so I, I tend to mix, I think the
ideal programming language. You use explicit types on the, on the signatures,
and then inferred types and the implementation. [00:12:00] So I think like
variables, local variables should be inferred, but you should explicitly, and
maybe that's, I don't know, TypeScript well enough to know if you have to
declare like, the types of parameters and so forth, or if that's like, like
OCaml has its whole.

Yeah, OCaml has, like, there's the, whatever, the Milner type system that'll
figure out everything based on sort of global analysis. I've never, I don't
wanna say I don't like it, but it does, from my understanding anyways, is that
doesn't work well with object oriented programming, which I prefer, I know a lot
of people hate on object oriented programming, but I like it.

I think that's just a good balance of like, you know, for your sign, for your
method signatures and maybe your public features, you declare the types and then
internally let, uh, let inference do its thing. Definitely for like closures,
like, you know, that's sort of a funky, where you have a, you know, some sort of
closure.

Like there you don't wanna be typing out all the types. That's typically
redundant, so, or not useful. So declarations, I, I'm a fan.

**Chuck Carpenter:** [00:13:00] Nice, nice. I think you'll find a friend in
Robbie in object oriented programming. So, not that you wouldn't in me per se,
but he is yeah. Hate functional programming. So there, I don't hate it,

**Carson Gross:** but I don't, I, I just like, I like optic trainer.

I don't know. I grew up, I was a Java programmer first. I mean, I was, I guess
technically I was an an a HyperCard programmer. Well, technically, technically I
was an Apple basic programmer first. Mm-Hmm. But. My first like real experience
with programming was HyperCard on the Mac, which is a totally different thing
than anything, you know, most people are doing very, it's very dynamic, loosely
typed environment, really visual.

And then I programmed a little bit in c and c plus plus, which I barely
understood and undergrad. And then as soon as I started doing professional
programming, I was doing Java. And so I just, I learned, you know, have you guys
ever read a thinking in, is it Thinking in Java, Bruce Eckle? Does that sound
right?

I think there was, that sounds

**Chuck Carpenter:** right. I haven't read it though. No.

**Carson Gross:** Yeah, it was a, I mean, massive book back in the day when
[00:14:00] you bought massive programming books about Java and I just learned
how to program from like that book and so, and it's object oriented, so I like
it. Nice. I just like that. So

**Robbie Wagner:** I would argue that people that go outta their way not to use
classes are still thinking about things as classes.

They just don't wanna admit it. Like you need that entity that you're like
putting all of your pieces on. That like

**Carson Gross:** Yeah.

**Robbie Wagner:** Is the way you're gring what it is, like if it's all
dysfunctions. I digress. Yeah,

**Carson Gross:** I do. I and no, I agree. Like when I see people and they
declare an interface and then there's like a trait or they declare like a struct
and then there's a trait and then somehow that trait gets like glued onto the
struct and I'm like, that seems like an object to me in class.

**Chuck Carpenter:** Right. You're just trying to reorganize it differently.
Yeah. They're trying too hard to avoid. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Put all that
stuff in one place. Alright. Get Rebase. Or Get Merge.

**Carson Gross:** I use Get Merge because I don't understand Rebase. I've had it
explained to me a whole bunch and I [00:15:00] just. I don't know. Every once in
a while I'll check rebate, just like to live dangerously.

But I use, I typically let in inte, like I use JetBrains tools, so I let the
JetBrains editor like us famous programmers, we have little people that do that
stuff for us, like Jet, the Jet Brains editor. So that's true. I true. I don't
have strong opinions on it. I don't care. Like people are like, oh God, there's
merge commits.

Like, I don't know, man. I've got so many junky commits in my code base that I
don't care.

**Robbie Wagner:** Fair enough. Yolo? It is. Yeah. I see You skipped the
Tailwind one, Chuck, or we not asked yet? That's right. Or you wanted me to ask
that? You can ask it if you want

**Chuck Carpenter:** to. I'm, I'm pretty sure it doesn't apply.

**Robbie Wagner:** Okay. Uh, css.

**Carson Gross:** I would use vanilla CSS.

I've never picked up tailwinds and I know a lot of people who are really smart
who like it. But when I just, you know, and I, my understanding this is the
common thing, like people first reaction is really bad, and I've never gotten
past that [00:16:00] first reaction. I see like 15 class on a, you know, in a
class as you, and I'm like, man, that feels like that should be wrapped up.

And may and maybe there's a tool to do that or something. But I, I think I like
a little bit less going on in the, in the class attributes in HTML in general.
And maybe part of that is 'cause HTMX is sort of competing for competing for
space on HTML elements. Yeah. And so I'll see like these examples with tailwinds
and there's like a teeny bit of, you know, like three HTMX attributes and then
like this massive tailwinds declaration.

But I don't know, a lot of, a lot of really smart people I know. Love it. So I
can't say that if I really gave it, uh, an honest try, I would still dislike it.
But I definitely have that initial like, eh, I don't know, man. Yeah, yeah. I
just got That's fair.

**Chuck Carpenter:** Like, oh, I, I found where it made me very productive and
where I don't have to care about CSS and so I, I don't disagree with like the
aesthetics perception and I know there's way to kind of like obfuscate that or
whatever else, [00:17:00] but I'm just lazy.

Yeah. And this allows me to continue to be lazy.

**Robbie Wagner:** If there was, and there might be something that exists for
this and I just haven't looked, 'cause I don't care. But like, if there were a
thing that just named everything for me, that's my biggest, like the biggest win
for tailwind is I don't have to care.

Like, oh, this is a container, this is a container inside, this is a, like
whatever you wanna name this shit like. So it'll just be like, if this were, if
there was like a tool that was like, all this is named, and then I'm just like,
all right, I'm styling that and styling that, then I wouldn't care as much
either way.

But

**Carson Gross:** yeah, I, I get it. And you know, there's a lot of like just
annoying people too that will be like, oh, it's so big and, and it's like, yeah,
and then you turn on G Zipp and it doesn't matter. Or you don't, and it doesn't
matter because

**Chuck Carpenter:** yeah,

**Carson Gross:** network's pretty fast in a lot of cases anyways. But like I
said, I know like a lot of people that are big HT MX fans and who are certainly
smarter than I am and better web programmers than I am.

Love it. So I, I think it's probably a skill issue on my part at this point.

**Chuck Carpenter:** There we go. [00:18:00] Let or const,

**Carson Gross:** I use var baby. Come on.

**Chuck Carpenter:** There we go. Use S Floppiness. I use window.

**Carson Gross:** Window dot. Yeah, window dot. Not

**Chuck Carpenter:** attach everything.

**Carson Gross:** I do have a habit of using VAR just because I was trying to be
IE compatible for so long with HTMX that, and you can only use var.

You can't use letter cons. I just have that habit. I don't hate like feature
scoped variables as much as some people do, so I don't think VARs like that bad
when compared with, let you know, at the end of the day, I'd use let. Just out
of habit for locally scoped things, you know, the why. Why do you use cons?

I guess if there's a performance benefit, but my understanding is there isn't.
So you would use No. It's just a

**Chuck Carpenter:** readability preference, right? Yeah,

**Carson Gross:** yeah. You know, usually when you're using light, you're in a
lo, sort of a local lexical scope and it's pretty obvious what's going on. So
the benefits of like having stuff be read only is probably not [00:19:00] really
high.

So it's fewer, fewer letters to type let, so I'll go with the let camp.

**Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Yeah. You're not wrong. It's just dumb shit people

**Robbie Wagner:** argue about on Twitter. Yeah. As you know, I don't know the
reasoning one way or the other. I just saw that someone was arguing about it and
I was like, we should talk about this.

But yeah, they have strong opinions.

**Carson Gross:** No, I don't have an opinion on it. People argue about dumb
stuff on Twitter.

**Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, all the time. Yeah, sometimes it's kind of funny.

**Carson Gross:** It's always been such a, it's always been such a source of
intellectual stimulation. It's

**Robbie Wagner:** all scholars on there. Yeah, absolutely. What do you think
about nested turn areas?

**Carson Gross:** I do not like them. I don't like turn. I use 'em, I use 'em,
but I don't like 'em. They're bad because they're really complicated. It's
control flow like in an expression and it makes it really hard to like debug for
example. So you're like, oh, I just wanna save lines. Why do you use a turn air?
'cause you wanna save lines of code.

And also like that's another situation where. The scoping of like, let can drive
stuff [00:20:00] like that, right? Because like let, lets don't hoist like VAR
does, right? And so you can't have a let inside of two sides of an IF brand.
It's my, uh, that's my understanding is you can't have a let that like bleeds
out of an if statement.

And so that encourages this use of the sort of conditional logic in the
expression. So that's maybe a strike against lead actually. And I've just always
struggled with this, like, what do you do in Java? What you, what you do is you
declare the variable first and give it a type and assign it to null, or you just
declare it and it'll give it a value.

And then you have to set it on either side, like it does some. Static analysis
to make sure the value's set when you come out of the thing. I think that's how,
I don't remember, but, but the problem, again, the problem with it is that when
you have complicated expressions, even when you have like lots of ands and o's
and so forth, like leaving and I guess there is sort of an implicit control flow
with, uh, short circuiting, ands, it makes it really hard to debug and see like
when something's wrong in there.

You know, when I was younger, I used to have, I used to create these really
complicated expressions that were [00:21:00] like super tight and packed, like,
you know, just everything in, and there's a, you know, an advantage that you can
sort of see it all. And if you know it, you can say, oh, that does all this, but
it's really, really hard to debug later on, is what I've found.

I think it's, it's better at the end of the day to just suck it up and accept a
little bit more code and write the if statement out. Yeah.

**Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. That's fair. I agree with that. I see Robbie, you've
left for me, the most controversial, uh, question of them all is, you know,
they're pretty much at war with one another.

Alright? You have to pick Intercooler JS or HT MX

**Carson Gross:** Intercooler versus htm. They're the same thing. They're,
they're the same thing. Uh, like that's why I mentioned that in my talk, you
know? 'cause HTMX is obviously getting popular right now, or in relative terms
anyways. Certainly one compared with Intercooler JS and the APIs for those two
libraries.

You know, I mean, yeah, you have to bring in jQuery, but who cares? Everyone
brings in jQuery anyways, at least like five years [00:22:00] ago. The API is
almost identical, and so I think that one of my takeaways from that is that
timing is really, really important. Intercooler was too early, you know, and
we've seen that before in tech.

There were predecessors to react that were reactive, that just like it wasn't,
for whatever reason, the timing wasn't quite right for those libraries.
Similarly with INTERCOOLER and HTMX, and I think the, at the, and when I gave
that talk at big sky dev com, one of the lessons, like one of the things you can
take away from that is okay if.

Timing is what matters. Then the longer you can hang around, the more likely you
are to catch that timing at some point. And so the, to build on that, the best
way to hang around is to have fun and try and be, you know, positive. Like
you're, it's gonna be really difficult for you if you're like pushing too hard.

You know, I pushed really hard on Intercooler for, you know, I wasn't as
effective as I am now, but for like two, two years and I kind of burned out,
like arguing with everybody. I was very negative. And so I'd argue [00:23:00]
with people, like I'd go on Reddit and find someone saying something bad about
Intercooler and I'd argue with them.

And I know that that wasn't effective, obviously, in retrospect. So I think, you
know, one of my pieces of advice from that talk at Big Sky was to just try and
stay, stay positive and really try and have fun, because that's gonna keep you
in the game and take advantage of this dynamic where like the, you know, the
tides of technology come in and go out and who knows what's gonna be cool in two
years and maybe your thing will be set up.

Perfectly for it, and it appears that HT MX was like that. I think if I had to
pick between the two, like today financially, I'd pick HT MX, but in my heart I
would pick Intercooler because, because it was like, you know, it was that thing
that was like, it was a good idea. It got a lot of grief. It got definitely a
lot of very mean things were said about Intercooler, but I think there was a,
there was a, a pretty good idea, sort of like at the core of it.

**Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Well, that's reasonable. That's a good, uh,
transition too. Robbie was really good with this, but[00:24:00]

**Robbie Wagner:** Are you wanting me to say something? Yeah, I think you
should. Yeah. Yeah. You mentioned, you know, monetarily, like part of the, the
major success I feel like of HTMX is the whole. Meme factor and the like, you
know, I don't really know how to quantify it exactly. Just like it's everywhere.
It seems cool. It's like people maybe can't say exactly what it is, but like
they all like it, which is maybe actually good because like, you know, a lot of
people love React for no reason other than they were told to love, react.

You know, maybe that same kind of train, but like, I am curious how it, like,
you know, how this whole thing snowballed into like, like why did you decide to
start making it like meme culture and all of that?

**Carson Gross:** Yeah. Well, I, so like I said, I tried it for the first two or
three years of Inter I, there was a little bit, it was of, of meme culture in
it.

There's, if you go back, you can go to the intercooler dress.org site and like
look at that. I think I called it a blog back in the day. You know, there's a
couple of [00:25:00] jokes in there and, but I didn't really, it wasn't like the
vibe. Nah, maybe it was, I don't know. I don't know. I just, I argued a lot with
people.

That's what I remember from that time. Anyways, it didn't really catch on. There
was one like really brief burst of when you're an open source, GitHub stars are
what you judge everything by, right? So right there was one brief launch from, I
think like around a thousand stars to around 4,000 stars because of a hacker
news post that got really popular.

So that was an indication. There was some like pent up demand for this sort of
alt, alternate, sort of hypermedia based approach to web development. It, you
know, tapered off after that and never really regained any momentum. At that
point, that was sort of, angular was really popular back then and I think React
sort of came along and just stomped on everything and React, you know, solved a
lot of really hard problems.

And so maybe that was React was right place, right time compared to Angular. For
example, when Covid hit, that's when, if people haven't heard the story,
[00:26:00] COVID hit and I was trapped inside and was like, okay, I'm gonna, I'm
gonna try and pull the jQuery dependency out. And I was like, okay. And I'm
gonna rename it and sort of like try and re relaunch this idea just 'cause why
not, like everyone's trapped inside anyways.

And when I did that, I had the, the inner cooler JS Twitter account, which had,
I think like, you know, something like a thousand followers or something like
that, which I was like, okay, I hadn't been on Twitter in. Probably three or
four years because I kind of, I got like a lot of people, I, I got alienated by
the, the political aspects of it.

It just got so intense and like crazy. I was like, I can't handle this. I just
want to talk about technical stuff. I wasn't really memeing 'cause it was sort
of, you know, I don't know if you guys, like, there was a time when like even
like what I would consider very like vanilla memes when people would start
getting upset about stuff and I was like, ah.

Oh yeah. So I just sort of stopped. I just stopped interacting with Twitter very
much. But, uh, when I relaunched I was like, okay, like I'm just gonna go and
have fun [00:27:00] again on Twitter. Like there was a time in like 2000, you
know, 2013 or whatever, when like everyone just said random stuff and it was
like a lot more fun and I'm just gonna go, I've, you know, I have a long history
and sort of like the memes from like the, the image boards and the message
boards and all that stuff, like for a very long time.

And so I said, I'm just gonna have fun. So I started doing it and then, you
know, lo and behold, it actually was a pretty successful strategy. I guess I got
really lucky in that I was writing a book. So, I mean, this just goes to show
you never know what's gonna happen, but I was, I was, was contacted by a, a, a
big publisher by Manning, actually, to write a book about HTMX and I was like.

This is awesome. I wrote like 90% of a book, and then I got a call from the guy,
I, I don't dislike Manning, it's fine. I got a call from the main guy there and
he was like, I'm sorry, we just don't think we can sell enough of this. And I
was like, okay. [00:28:00] Fair enough. I guess not, but they were like, but the
rights revert to you so you can do what you want with it.

And so that happened basically like two years ago. I, I got that news and it was
a little bit crushing, but I went to the other authors who were working on the
book and was like, okay guys, like are you willing to stick around and like,
make the push to self-publish this? And we had set it up. So it was pretty
scripted.

Scripted. Like, you know, we had it all in, what is it, aoc, I forget the, the,
the doc form for books. But we had it all like, so it was easy, pretty easy to
generate. And all the rest of it. We were grinding really hard on the book and I
released that in July of last year. And right at that same moment, tj, who's a
Twitch like dev streamer, kind of OCaml focused dev streamer, he had sort of
picked up on HTMX and he knew Prime and was like telling Prime, Hey, you need to
check this out.

Hey, you need to check this out. And then finally Prime, you know, for just the
vagaries of the internet, like took a look at it and was like, oh, this is
actually kind of cool and [00:29:00] addresses some of these issues that I've
seen with React. And then he got super into it. And that's really, I think when
he got into it.

And then Fire Ship Dev did that, you know, a hundred, whatever it is, a hundred
seconds of HTMX video. It's gotten over a million views. Like it's insane. Yeah,
the reach that guy has and those two things, sort of like all that came together
with the book release, like all in July of last year. And that just, you know,
then now everyone's looking at my Twitter account and I had been getting more
and more wild and like having more and more fun and I just was like, okay, we're
just gonna, I'm just gonna go for it and be like, as crazy as I can on Twitter.

And, uh, it worked out. So I haven't, haven't alienated anyone too badly as far
as I can tell. And, uh, definitely it's, it is been a very good channel for, you
know, just having fun and, and getting the message out. So I don't, there's not
a lot of strategy there. It's just been random, you know, just random stuff.

I would argue

**Chuck Carpenter:** it's. It's laser eyes out of a horse face. I would argue
that was actually the moment. [00:30:00] Like all those other things are pretty
good. But yeah, ever since then you haven't had to work another day. It's been
amazing. I know.

**Carson Gross:** I still do have to work. That's not true. Unfortunately. I
have to work a lot.

**CTA:** This just in! Whiskey.fund is now open for all your merch needs. That's
right, Robbie. We're hearing reports of hats, sweaters, and T-shirts, as well as
a link to join our Discord server. What's a Discord server? Just read the
prompter, man. Hit subscribe. Leave us a review on your favorite podcast app and
tell your friends about our broadcast. It really does help us reach more people
and keeps the show growing. All right, back to your regularly scheduled
programming.

**Carson Gross:** Being a, uh, a professor is like, it's really not like
summertime, you know, like I don't have to, I don't have classes, but I've got
two classes I've gotta prep for and so I, I have to grant. It's, it's not as
easy as it sounds, but, uh, and

**Chuck Carpenter:** they won't let you just teach HTMX, like they won't

**Carson Gross:** let me. [00:31:00] No. They're letting me teach HTMX and I
have to, like, I, I kept complaining that they wouldn't let me teach HTMX and
now I have to create the course for it.

So you got, gotta make all the slides and all the tests. I gotta create a stupid
project. It's like

**Robbie Wagner:** careful what you Yeah. Gotta careful what you wish for.
Exactly. Yeah. You know, you say it's all just luck and random, but I, I think
there's a lot that went into to the popularity and I think. At some point you
should think about writing another book about how to rebrand a thing that people
don't like and make it way cooler.

'cause like a lot of people could benefit from that. Yeah. I actually

**Chuck Carpenter:** do think that there's, there's at least like some kind of
long form blog article. Like, so I was lucky enough to be a big Sky Def con and
heard your talk about the way that you approach trying to increase open source
popularity, right?

Mm-Hmm. And that was sort of the context around it of, I have this open source
thing I'm trying to work on adoption. These are different ways you can engage,
of course, like [00:32:00] meme culture and that kind of, that way of attracting
attention Yeah. Can be very beneficial and positive in a bunch of ways as long
as you like.

I feel like that's the problem I have with like, I, I love Hacker News, but also
kind of hate it because people, a lot of people there. Are trying to argue how
smart they are all the time. And so that's like no matter what you say,
everything sucks and you're stupid. You know, just have like,

**Carson Gross:** it's like the actually meme, right?

Like that's what Hack News is

**Chuck Carpenter:** actually. Yeah, a hundred percent that, and it's fine and
there are a lot of like, smarter than me people there, but what the reason why I
initially fell in love with programming was I have a set of tools and I have
outcomes that I'm shooting towards. And the way that I get to those outcomes is
kind of creatively up to me.

And maybe it's not your way. And yes, maybe there are like ways to improve that
incrementally over time, but it doesn't make me wrong inherently, necessarily,
right? Because I'm, I'm supposed to get to this outcome and I did. So that's
already a good start.

**Carson Gross:** And, you know, human nature is [00:33:00] what it is. Like we
clan up, we've got our team, we've got our texts that we like, we've got our
editor we like.

But one thing I've come to realize as I've gotten older is just how effective
people can be in tools that I like, have no desire to use whatsoever. You know,
I've seen people be super effective with like Haskell, and I'm like, no. Not me.
Um, I've seen people be super effective with like, variants of lisp, and that's
another thing that I'm just, it just, you know, I appreciate it for what it is.

And I think, you know, just in general, but certainly in technology, there's a
lot of cool technologies that you're not gonna use. Like, cool. Here's an
example of that. People might look down their nose at like cold fusion, right?
Mm-Hmm. Cold fusion was, was this sort of PHP like, but more enterprisey system.

But it had a lot of really good aspects to it. And, you know, now, and as much
as anyone's ever heard of cold fusion, they kind of, you know, hold up their
nose at it. But there were some good ideas in there and there were some
interesting aspects to it. And PHP is another thing that gets, you know, a lot
of [00:34:00] hate from like more sophisticated developers.

And it's like, I don't know, guys like. People have built a lot of really
effective stuff with it, so maybe we should, you know, stop and reconsider

**Chuck Carpenter:** everyone thinks they work for NASA or need to do like
lifesaving calculations or something with half the web applications out there.
Have a small user base and don't, you know, modify cr credit applications or
something.

**Carson Gross:** No, I was just gonna say, you know, one thing, like dynamic
languages like JavaScript, PHP, Ruby, you know Yeah. They're, they don't perform
as well as like go rust and, you know, some of the other languages out there,
but they, they have flavors to them and they have sort of a, a culture to them.
Like the, the libraries that are produced for those languages are different.

Like Ruby libraries are very different than JavaScript libraries and very
effective in their own way. If you can get your. Head into like, this is how
Ruby works. And I like that. I, I, as I've gotten older, you know, I've stopped
looking for like the one true [00:35:00] programming language and the one true
way to do X or Y or Z.

Like, there's a lot of different, just a lot of different ways to get stuff
done. And I, I like that there are people doing them different ways and that
they've got their, you know, different take on things. It would be very boring
if everything was like, the reality is, the risk today is that everything is
JavaScript or type script, probably.

And that's not to say like, I don't think you should use either of those
languages, but I, I, I hope that there are other significant languages that can,
you know, and they can be interesting. That's one of the best things I like, I
say this a lot about HTMX is like, there's a guy on Twitter who's super
passionate about, oh, what is it?

WS language. Come on, Pascal. What's the modern Pascal variant? I always forget,
I forget, Delphi. Delphi, Delphi.

**Chuck Carpenter:** Oh, that sounds right. But I would know for sure. Yeah,
I'll do that. And I'm

**Carson Gross:** not sure. I forget, I, I, it is hard for me to keep everyone
on Twitter straight, but the, you know, Pascal is one of those languages that's
like, there's a lot of people there.

Not a lot, but there's some people that [00:36:00] love it, man. Like, sure man,
if it can make HTML, then you can build, you know, pretty good web apps using
that in HTMX, I hope. Yeah. And if

**Chuck Carpenter:** you can, if you can pay the bills with it, you know? Yeah.
Like, I guess it's relevant in some way.

**Robbie Wagner:** A lot of that is really like, we're coming full circle to
where it's like, you don't have to use the coolest, hottest, newest thing
anymore.

You can actually pick what you're most productive in. Yeah. Like if it's 15
years old, but it's still doing a great job, who cares? You can still use it.
Like, I think we've, we've backed off from it having to be like the hottest,
newest thing all the time. To like, let's actually think about what we're using
and I think that's gonna be good for the future unless you work for.

Well, yes. And then you have to verse probably doesn't like that. Then you have
to do that

**Chuck Carpenter:** thing.

**Carson Gross:** So I don't understand Versel at all. I don't know anything. I
know they're like the bad guys. Some like some people love them and some people
they don't. Well,

**Chuck Carpenter:** they wear all black all the time. I mean, you're asked to
right.

They do wear all

**Carson Gross:** black and you're asking for I agree with that. They need to,
they need, maybe they should do a [00:37:00] horse laser thing or something like
that. Yeah. Horse laser thing. IMO to wear

**Robbie Wagner:** a floral shirt in his next keynote and we, we'll know it's
turning the corner like a little more magnum

**Chuck Carpenter:** PI with that mustache.

A little less like, I don't know. Yeah, like

**Carson Gross:** flip flops and like some, you know, Jimmy Buffett shorts or
something like that. Yeah. I think

**Chuck Carpenter:** that would like lighten the whole image or watch some old
westerns. Good guy wear light, bad guy wear dark. Yeah. It's not hard.

**Carson Gross:** Yeah. No, that's, there's something to that.

But I think, I don't know, my understanding of their business model is they kind
of sell servers, right? Like sort of like

**Chuck Carpenter:** resell servers, right? Yeah. So I won't

**Carson Gross:** get into it. But I do know what I will say is this, I really
enjoyed Heroku and if they're anything like Heroku, I paid lots of money for
Heroku to like resell AWS servers.

To me, I think that something like HTMX actually like opens up the number of
servers you can sell, right? Because you could sell like, okay, there's a Go
stack that works well with HTMX, there's a, you know, whatever. [00:38:00] Like,
so I don't feel like HTMX is, is necessarily aimed, again, I don't understand it
probably as well as I should, but I feel like it's, it, there's nothing about
HTMX that says like, you can't sell servers to people.

They still need servers to make the HT L. No. And at some level the servers are
more important because that's where you, you know, HTMX tends to push a lot of
logic back onto the servers and so I feel like it's not, if you look at it from
the right direction, I don't see HTMX as being something versal should be upset
about.

**Chuck Carpenter:** They also sell the idea that they obfuscate complexity.
Mm-Hmm. So you go into like AWS console, it's very hard to do all those things.
Yeah. Or you take the next stage where you use their CDK or you Terraform or you
whatever to provision and they're giving you simplicity in having to do all
those things so you get right code.

Works this way, local little configuration or whatever they kind of do that
utilizes like existing web APIs, like technology that exists, it's gonna
[00:39:00] battle tested it over time. It's not complex enough, right? Because
you are siloing out your interactivity. You're replacing HTML, oh well just
HTMLs, HTML. But they have this specialized framework with its specialized way
of now becoming, having server and client side components and intermixing those
and having like direct access to your data store on both sides.

Like,

**Carson Gross:** okay, I keep going back to Heroku. Like Heroku was super magic
and I was happy to pay. I was happy to pay because it's like, oh, I don't have
to deal with AWS, thank goodness. Like I can just deploy my web server and I can
set up a database and I read a server and get all the URLs like automatically
added to the environments.

I don't have to deal with like Docker and all this Docker composed garbage to
run my stuff locally. I used to run this all myself and I don't have to deal
with K eights or any of that. Like I'm not, I don't know anything about that
stuff. And then that just kinda went away. Like, you know, I know there's like
[00:40:00] fly.io and a couple of other businesses that I think are trying to,
but they don't, they don't capture that magic of like, create an app.

Here's my web server, push this URL and look, there it is. Holy smokes. This is
amazing. But maybe, you know, maybe a skill issue. I'm older, I don't know, but
Heroku was like so magic. And then, you know, they got bought by Salesforce, I
think. And

**Robbie Wagner:** yeah, they're still still kind of doing stuff, just not as,
not as cool.

But yeah, Versel is, I think. Getting more towards that. Like they were very, we
want you to use next Js, we want you to use all the complex stuff. But now
they're like sponsoring Astro and Astro's very HTML first. Like the, the reasons
I use it for my Astro sites are like I can just click a button and get my speed
insights and my analytics, like stuff like that where I don't have to configure
any of that and I just press a button and I pay you $5 or whatever.

Yeah. Always gonna choose that because I don't want to do all that myself
Percent.

**Carson Gross:** AWS, from my perspective, is a nightmare for sure. So anyone
who can make that like not a nightmare, particularly [00:41:00] for small to
mid-size projects, I think is gonna do great. And even for larger projects, I
mean, I'm sure there were some massive projects deployed on Heroku that no one
talked about there.

Like you all massive projects start small. So you know, you start small and then
you get massive and it's like, well okay we can have like a six month effort to
port this to like raw AWS or we can pay these people 20,000 or $50,000 a month.
That's an easy call. Like not having to have your own, you know, a massive
DevOps team and you're still gonna end up paying a boatload for AWS anyways and
getting all that tuned up.

Right? So I think there's definitely a business there.

**Robbie Wagner:** Oh yeah. Mm-Hmm. I think it's super interesting that like AWS
doesn't put any money into making their experience nicer. I. Because I don't
have to, I think it's on purpose. 'cause like Versal is probably the biggest AWS
consumer. So why would you want to cannibalize that and make it internal?

Like just have them ship you all the traffic like.

**Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, because we all kind of assume [00:42:00] also that
AWS is basically the defacto standard. They're the cheapest, they have the most
reach, they have the greatest uptime, they have all of the compliance stuff,
like all these things you don't wanna think about they've covered.

Yep. From like their standpoint. That's

**Carson Gross:** actually, here's a question for you guys. I teach a class, the
very tail end of it is supposed to be cloud computing. So I teach like, first of
all like sockets and like, okay, here's what a normal cloud deployment looks
like. But I, I just show them like slides of like, here's what a load balancer
is and here's what an app server is and here's what the database looks like and
here's what, you know, storage looks like.

But I don't, I don't actually like set anything up and like actually show them
how to set stuff up because I don't want to deal with AWS, like that's just such
a, yeah. Like that would be. Such a nightmare to walk through. So do you have
any advice on, on that? Is there any, are there any easier options or is there
It's not.

The problem is cloud is all proprietary. There's no, yeah, I guess there's K
eights, but that's like, it's on, I

**Chuck Carpenter:** wouldn't start there. Yeah. 'cause [00:43:00] that's like
so much overkill for the kind of traffic that most people would need, you know?
Right. Container orchestration because you have so many containers to deal with.

Right.

Yeah. And

I really like the SST framework. They've done some very interesting things. So
they essentially, they started out with the, like the first version of the
library was like a wrapper around the A-W-S-C-D-K. And so you're expressing in.
Code like what you want, like you said, oh, okay, I'm, I'm doing serverless, I
need API gateway.

Oh, I wanna add authentication. So I just a express all that and type script and
whatever else. But their third version now, they've expanded out. So they're not
only AWS, but it is still AWS And so it's like, but you can basically express
what you're talking about in your slide, just in code there and then push it.

They provision through that and then magic.

**Carson Gross:** Okay, I'm gonna look into this sst.dev, except I do notice
that it says, it says pick your front end [00:44:00] and it's next J SVE remix
Astro or solid. There's no H ht MX on this page.

**Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Well, we'll, Dax Dax is on Twitter. Yeah, we'll
figure that out. Is this Dax thing?

Dax? This is Dax. Yeah, Dax is part of this. Okay. And uh,

**Carson Gross:** Dax, I thought we were friends. I was just say, yeah,

**Chuck Carpenter:** well, so they have the open next project, so they've been
constantly chasing that and saying, you don't have to pay V sell. You can
actually pay, like. $3 a month through SST provisioning stuff out because they
reverse engineer the magic index and actually give you the same benefits,
turning those routes into lambdas and all that kind of fun stuff.

Yeah, I know he's rushing to try to get more and more stuff on that. So, I mean,
all things said like Right, an astrocyte can use HDMX just fine. He can. Oh
yeah. But you should give him some shit about it for a hundred percent. Oh

**Carson Gross:** yeah, absolutely. We support giving him laser horse is gonna
come in hot as soon as we're done here.

Oh

**Chuck Carpenter:** yeah. I saw this. SST bullshit Dax, what's going on? Yeah,
I do think you should talk about [00:45:00] like the exciting news and tell
folks what's up in Golden Master.

**Carson Gross:** Uh, yeah, so HT MX 2.0 is actually, has been released. It's
not available on the net unless you go to like one of those pirate, like the
pirate bait.org or something like that.

So it's available. Somebody uploaded. It's not available online via legitimate
sources at this point. We released it on floppy disk at, uh, big Sky devcon. So
three and what is it? Three and a half and five and a quarter floppy disks don't
tell anyone, but the five and a quarter disc is actually not right.

I got that made and then was like, I gotta change a couple things. But the three
there, the three and a half inch discs actually do have what's gonna be HTM X
2.0 on it.

**Chuck Carpenter:** You bastard, you gave me the big one

**Carson Gross:** I gave, just gave away the, the good news, the good news is,
is that there's literally no drives that can read those unless you have like a
really old computer that still works and as somehow some way to communicate
between that computer and like a modern computer.

Those diss are [00:46:00] basically like look at only because you can't buy
modern drives. For 'em. It

**Chuck Carpenter:** sounds like a challenge.

**Robbie Wagner:** I don't know them. Floppy drive?

**Carson Gross:** No, the

**Robbie Wagner:** three, no. You'd have to have connected the

**Carson Gross:** three and a half inch discs. You can get the three and a half
inch drives. They're cheap, they're 20 bucks.

And I think you should have one just 'cause it's funny. But the five, five and a
quarter disks, there was an adapter you could buy for a while, but that company
went bankrupt. Yeah, well the, the guy that I got that made the floppies for me
is it floppy floppy discs.com and he's like the world's expert on floppy discs.

He's in southern California somewhere. Oh wow. I asked him, I was like, so like,
could I get a, could I get a five and a quarter drive? And he is like, not
possible. Like I've got all of them.

**Chuck Carpenter:** Oh, that's really funny. He's not sharing. Yeah, he is not
selling them off. Not for a healthy, I was just say, I haven't had one of those
since the days of Zork, if anybody knows that game.

Yeah, exactly. Yeah, that was about the last time I had one. I

**Robbie Wagner:** would afraid, I really wanted afraid to turn on one of those
old computers. I think they would disintegrate, [00:47:00] but, uh, yeah. Yeah,

**Carson Gross:** I really wanted to get, do you guys, you probably don't
remember 'em, but Well, for sure Robbie doesn't remember 'em, but do you
remember the, the eight inch discs, like the real big ones?

The big floppies. Ooh, I don't

**Chuck Carpenter:** think I do. No.

**Carson Gross:** Yeah, there were, didn't think there were before the, before
the compact five and a quarter sloppy disks, there were eight inch discs that
were just these ma, they looked like records almost, you know? And they were,
they were sweet. And I was like, is there any way we can get an eight inch disc
made?

And he was like, not possible man. I think the like nukes, I think the US nukes
like still use that format and so I'm sure the government has like some secret
program to keep those working but not accessible for civilian use,
unfortunately. 'cause I think that would've been hilarious to like, that
would've been super funny.

**Chuck Carpenter:** It'd been like you were showing up with LPs or something.
Like here it's, yeah,

**Carson Gross:** like you're like an eight track, like here you go, guys
control. Oh yes. Now I do remember eight

**Chuck Carpenter:** track. We had those in the house when I was growing up, but
yeah. Well, should we do a little what not Robert?

**Robbie Wagner:** [00:48:00] Uh, sure. Yeah. So something we try to ask
everyone is, if you weren't in tech, what other career would you choose?

**Carson Gross:** Uh, if I could pick any career at this point, I'd pick
baseball. I like coaching baseball quite a bit like being a high school baseball
coach. I'm, I'm more competent to be a high school wrestling coach. That's what
I did in school. I, I wrestled from what, seventh grade, like pretty much year
round through high school.

And so that's what I was like, I gave up baseball. My dad didn't play baseball.
Baseball's, it's like fishing or hunting or like golf to an extent. Whereas if
your dad doesn't play it, it's real hard for you to get into it. But I was super
obsessed with it and my dad finally like relented when I was, I think in third
grade and let me start playing baseball.

And I got decent at it. My bat was okay. My glove was pretty good and I was
fast, but I got really good at wrestling and just ended up getting super into
that and I always kind of regretted it. And now my kids, I didn't want 'em to
wrestle 'cause I didn't like the dieting culture, [00:49:00] um, around it. Oh.
So I ended up having 'em, like mainly, not mainly focused on baseball, but
baseball I was definitely like most excited about, like everyone else in the
United States.

In the nineties I played soccer, but I was never like super good at it and never
super passionate about it. And so baseball was kind of like what I, I just
always have focused on with my boys and at this point I just, I'm like obsessed
with east baseball, so. Hmm.

**Chuck Carpenter:** So, mm. So it means so I could,

**Carson Gross:** I could, I could coach some baseball for sure.

**Chuck Carpenter:** I have two coach. I dunno if it'd a very good coach to
follow up to that. Then would your position in soccer, I am gonna guess you
played like outside defense.

**Carson Gross:** You know, I played mid, like I was, I was like a right, right
middle back. 'cause I was pretty fast. And so I was up and back a whole bunch. I
was a good rec player and like a really crappy comp player.

So it just was like, I didn't really fit in, you know, like all my friends were
better. And then wrestling came along and it is just, it was so easy to just, I
[00:50:00] had a lot of success at it real quick. And it was like, okay, I'm,
this is, I'm gonna

**Chuck Carpenter:** stick with this.

**Carson Gross:** This is what I'm gonna do. No, I was just, I think in
retrospect that was, I don't wanna say it was a mistake, I wouldn't be who I was
if I hadn't, you know, done that.

But I really, I, I appreciate the game of baseball, wrestling, you know, it was
good. Um, like physical, very individual. I was talking to my wife last night
and like. One really good thing about wrestling is you learn how to fall. Like I
watch my kids fall and I'm just like, what are you doing? You know, like, you're
gonna get hurt falling like that.

Yeah. When like, when we get, we ski a bunch, and so they'll go down and they
just flop down. And I'm like, guys, you gotta tuck your shoulder. Like, what are
you doing? Um, nice. And uh, so there's, you know, some really good life skills
and in it, but baseball, you know, the, the wrestling teams are kind of weird,
you know?

It's so, it's so individualistic in a way that baseball, I feel like there's a
lot, you know, you're really working as a team and baseball's super boring. One
of the things I love about baseball is it's like boring for like ever. And
[00:51:00] then it is panic mode. And that's like how, that's how life is, you
know, like nothing happens.

And then like the primo gen picks up your library, right? And it's like, okay,
panic time, time to time to go. Um, well that's a good analogy.

**Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. So I just.

**Carson Gross:** That's one thing I really appreciate about baseball. So

**Chuck Carpenter:** I was gonna ask for your baseball expertise. 'cause my
friend was sending me yesterday, his son is very into baseball and his freshman
year, uh, he's offensive player of the year.

Sweet. He hit almost, uh, 400, had more extra base hits than singles. Sweet. And
one home run. The only one, uh, the only freshman with a homer. Yeah. And he hit
the wall eight times and led the team in rbis. So I guess that's good. Perfect.

**Carson Gross:** That's pretty darn good. Okay. Sounds good. Yeah.

**Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Okay. Yeah, I was like, this seems good.

Thumbs up. All right. Yeah, I don't know.

**Carson Gross:** Yeah, he's, he, uh, it sounds like he's a great baseball
player and one of the crazy things in baseball is that, you know, the best
baseball player on the high school team is like, never even gonna get a
[00:52:00] look at like, minor league baseball,

**Chuck Carpenter:** right? Yeah. It's just not just the nature of it.

It's

**Carson Gross:** incredible. It's such an incredibly specific sport, and you
definitely see, you see this in programming to an extent, but I've, I've seen a
lot of it now in baseball too, where the, the tails, just the variance gets so
high out at the tails. This is one thing that's hard. I think programmers, you
know, pretty smart group and like anytime you start.

Sort of getting out on the tails of anything. The variance gets super high and
it can be really depressing because you just are around like two or three people
that are so much better than you. Even though you're good, you're way better
than most people. They're like these two or three people that are just so vastly
better than you because the variance is so high out at that tail that uh, it can
be a little bit depressing.

It's one reason why I think a lot of smarter people are unhappy is because they,
they get into these situations where there's like always one or two people that
are just way, way better than everyone. And it, you know, if you're used to
being the smart person, well, you know, you get the consequences of that.

So I see that in [00:53:00] baseball for sure. I had a story I tell is my kid
was a pretty good ball player. My oldest son, he actually, that's a long story,
but um, he doesn't play anymore. I think he was 11 and he was playing in an
all-star game. And this kid comes up who's like, just massive, you know, my
kid's like normal size and this kid comes up, he's massive.

He hit three home runs in this game against us. Yeah. And when he hit the third
home run, he's like running around his whole team's going nuts and whatever. The
third base coach like turns to me and said, that kid doesn't practice baseball.
He comes out to play, he comes out to play because he wants to hang out with his
friends who were on this team.

And he was just this incredible athlete who just, you know, and it's like, okay.
Like that's, yeah, I get it. Yeah. That's the way it is. Like they're just
people that are really, and that's true in programming. It's true. You know, and
just, and anytime when you get, it's an unfortunate consequence of getting good
at something, you're gonna be around these people that just are absolute beasts
that whatever you're trying Yeah.

Trying to do. Yeah. So it can be a little frustrating.

**Robbie Wagner:** I'm, [00:54:00] I am curious about like, is it like golf
where like it has nothing to do with like how muscular you are or how hard you
can hit? It's like the technique? Or is it like, is there any benefit to like
working out a lot or like, I. I don't know how it works.

**Carson Gross:** Yeah. I don't want to say there's no benefit to being strong.
There's quick twitch, like there's the, the hand to eye, which I don't think can
really be taught too much. There's a lot of nature in hand to eye. That's what I
see is like the hand to eye because you can work out as much as you want and
it's not gonna make you a good baseball player.

On the other hand, obviously being bigger and stronger, like bigger, stronger
kids hit the ball further and throw the ball harder. So it helps. It's not like,
well, I don't know. I don't know their sports well enough to say, but, and, and
wrestling for sure, being big and strong didn't guarantee anything. So it's
similar in that regard.

Like technique matters a lot, but it's not practicable like some of it to me
anyways. Yeah, as far as I can tell, it isn't really practicable. It's like you,
the kid just knows how to. Throw a striker knows how to hit a ball real hard or
doesn't. [00:55:00] That sucks. 'cause you get these kids like, and I, you know,
especially in youth baseball, you're like rooting so hard for these kids that
just want it so bad.

And it's like, you know, man, I'm sorry. It's not gonna happen for you. Yeah.
It's not happening for you. And you need that

**Chuck Carpenter:** leap in natural aptitude. And it's rare enough that you
also also also have a work ethic and maybe you decide to work out a little bit
because I think that's what Tiger brought to golf originally.

'cause he was like so good and just like killing it in college and whatever
else. And then he started lifting and then he just started like just taking his
distance that much further, you know? Yeah. It was just like, you're already
awesome now. This is how you just leapfrog everybody.

**Carson Gross:** Yeah. You can be a good baseball player without a lot of
natural talent, but you can't be, you can't play college ball without a huge
amount of natural talent.

Yeah. And let alone semi-pro or pro ball.

**Chuck Carpenter:** I wanna take it back just briefly. Another like little
whatever question that we ask. So outside of obviously HT [00:56:00] MX and your
obsession there and, and react, of course you love, react, um, love, react. Are
there any other Yeah, the old React, are there any other developers or projects
you're really interested in right now?

**Carson Gross:** I don't, I won't talk about hyper script, which is my
scripting language. I'm interested in that, but that's not, that's not that
interesting. Probably I, you know, some like, I like a, some of the libraries
that kind of quote unquote compete with HTMX. So UN is a great library that's
been around for a long time.

It's similar to HTMX in that, it's hypermedia oriented, but it's a very
different take on it. It's much more batteries included. Library, whereas HTMX
is very raw, it basically just makes it possible to make links and forms, you
know, out of anything and then replace small parts of the screen. Whereas UN is
a much more structured library, it's, it's really focused on progressive
enhancement.

So it really takes that aspect of web development very seriously. And so, you
know, I tell people if you want progressive enhancement, like on Paul's a better
[00:57:00] choice, you have to work at it with HTMX because it's so low level
and raw. Whereas on Paul is just more geared towards it. And, uh, it has like
this notion of layers and so.

If the client, if your browser has JavaScript enabled, you can do sort of like
popover type things, like with very easy, like it's very easy to do that.
Whereas with HTMX, there's no notion of that at all. And so you have to do that
yourself if you're gonna do it. And then that notion of popovers, if the person
has JavaScript disabled, it will just be full page refreshes.

And so everything kind of still works. And so that's a, it's just, it's a
different take. The guy who worked on it is a, a great guy, actually just put up
an interview on HTMX with him about sort of the history of on poly. So I'm
excited about that. There's another library that's similar to HTMX called Data
Star, which was created by someone who came in and actually he wanted to, at
first he wanted to rewrite HTMX in TypeScript.

Like that was his big thing. He sort of came in. Oh, right, yeah. And I was
like, eh, we're not doing [00:58:00] that. Yeah. And so he did the right thing.
He went and created his own version of it, and that's really focused on, I think
server sent events and, and then he uses what, what are called out-of-band swaps
where you sort of specify in the.

A content that comes back, here's the ID to replace in that content. And so that
can make things much more dynamic. And if you have, he's a go programmer. And so
in that environment you have, uh, service and event support like is really well
baked into Go. And so for him, it's a very productive system for, for building
hyper media.

It's still a HYPERMEDIA driven app, but it's a very different flavor than HTMX
kind of mixes together. HTMX and Alpine. I'm excited about those two. Those are
the two that stick out in my mind to mention. I'm, there's a lot of like really
retro, kind of like simpler games and like sort of, I, I think there's a big
opportunity.

We were talking about this after Big Sky devcon and both in software and in
hardware to sort of back off on the, trying to be like the [00:59:00]
photorealistic. You know. Oh, yeah. Or like the, the, like, everything's a
MacBook now, right? Like, you know, to take the, the floppy disc thing with
HTMX, like, wouldn't it be cool if like, that was actually a thing, like the,
the things were things again, instead of everybody's got this like super thin
MacBook or MacBook clone and everything's downloaded over the web and, you know,
or over the net and like, there's no, there's no things anymore.

It's just this one little, you know, I don't know. I think it'd be cool if like,
there was a sort of return to, to like more differentiation in software and in
hardware. Like, let's just try something a little crazy and maybe like, have
some physical, like physical push buttons and stuff like that.

**Robbie Wagner:** Have you seen analog That's like making analog now I need

**Carson Gross:** to look at it.

**Robbie Wagner:** They make like they're remaking all the older consoles. So
like I have their Super Nintendo and I think they're putting out it N 64 this
year sometime. And it's all this like. Uses the original cartridges, but it
like, oh, doubles the resolution and you can just still [01:00:00] play it with
the old controllers, whatever, and like, but a normal tv because you have

**Chuck Carpenter:** resolution issues there.

Yeah. So that's, I think Carson would prefer an Atari 2,600, but, well, they've
made,

**Robbie Wagner:** I don't know what all they've made, but they, they're kind of
limited. So like they'll do a console and they'll make like, I don't know, a
thousand or I don't know how many they make, and then they're just like, done.
Oh, wow.

Yeah. So it's, if you don't get one and it's the console you wanted, you're kind
of screwed. So

**Chuck Carpenter:** yeah, that makes the secondary market like probably crazy.
Yeah.

**Carson Gross:** Yeah, I bet. Yeah, that like, I don't know, I'm kind of
wandering from that original question, which was software oriented, but I feel
like there's, and HD MX falls into this too, like this sort of like look back at
the past, not just as like, like bad ideas, but like maybe there's some cool
stuff there too.

You know, like old lisp machines. Like that'd be cool to check out like an old
list machine and see how it works and like what's the cool stuff this thing can
do that like, you know, these old gray beards were like complaining about like
the new stuff. There's some

**Chuck Carpenter:** irony there too, [01:01:00] saying that now. But I do
think, I know that there's something to be said about like, can we not retire
technology every five years?

Can you go to the library and get a pool? Yeah. Stability is

**Robbie Wagner:** actually nice

**Chuck Carpenter:** sometimes.

**Carson Gross:** Yeah. Stability. And also, I don't know, the past doesn't have
to be oppositional and like dead, you know? Mm-Hmm. Like, I think it's healthy
when there's like, uh, you know, even references to the past, like in software.
Like I feel like I'm going off on a tangent here again, but I just, I, I like
this idea of like going back and looking at stuff and being like, man, that was
cool.

Like, you know, and it doesn't have to just be nostalgia. It doesn't have to
just be this like dead, oh, just so synth wave. Do you guys know synth wave?
Like, I don't know, like synth wave music? Synth wave music? Is this kind of,
it's a genre. It's, it's, you know, electronic music. Yeah. But it's basically
sort of like a.

It, it takes sort of nineties riffs, so a lot of like guitar, like 90 or
eighties and nineties style guitar and then integrates it into, you know, fairly
[01:02:00] standard electronic music. And I just think it's a great mix. It's
like, yeah, this is like modern coding music that like I can throw on and kind
of get in the zone to, but it also has this sort of reference to like a cool
era, obviously is when I was young.

So that's what I like. But, but I, I think that's cool. There's another guy,
boy, this is getting really out, out there, but Pavlov Stellar, I think is his
name. And he takes, he takes like 19, 20 swing music and then sets that to
electronic music and it's like sweet. I don't really like swing music that much
and I don't really like electronic music that much, but he took those tunes.

But somehow

**Chuck Carpenter:** this is working.

**Carson Gross:** It was awesome. Like there's one he is got that's, she's got
this sweet tuba line in it, and I'm just like, man, that tuba is crushing right
now. I'll listen to that. I'll listen to that song all day. You don't hear

**Chuck Carpenter:** that often these days. I don't think you hear that that
often in these last 50 years.

Can you imagine like Robert Plan being Robert Plant being like, tuba, that's
crushing. You

**Carson Gross:** know what? This track needs more tuba. More tuba, more

**Chuck Carpenter:** cowbell, you know, [01:03:00] more tuba.

**Carson Gross:** But it's, it's a great track. I don't know what

**Robbie Wagner:** to

**Carson Gross:** say.

**Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. All right. We are over time here. Uh, is there stuff
you wanna plug before we end?

**Carson Gross:** HTM x.org is the htm x website twitter.com/or I guess x.com.
twitter.com. BB Twitter, Twitter twitter.com. Twitter com. H tmx org is my
Twitter account, which is I hope funny. And then Hypermedia Systems is where the
book is, so you can check. Don't

**Chuck Carpenter:** forget big sky dev com. Big Sky will be five. You want 20?
25?

**Carson Gross:** Yeah, 20, 25. Next year we're definitely gonna do it again. It
won't be as HTMX focused, I don't think. 'cause there's just not that much to
say about it. But it was a lot of fun. And Bozeman's very pretty, which, where,
where it is is a very pretty place. Although maybe we'll have it somewhere else.
I don't know.

Maybe we can move it somewhere else in the state up in Kalispell or something
like that.

**Robbie Wagner:** All right. Uh, thanks everyone for listening. If you liked
it, please subscribe. Leave us some ratings and reviews. We appreciate it and we
will catch you next time.

**Outro:** [01:04:00] You've been watching Whiskey Web and Whatnot. Recorded in
front of a live studio audience. What the fuck are you talking about, Chuck?
Enjoyed the show? Subscribe. You know, people don't pay attention to these,
right? Head to whiskey.fund for merchant to join our Discord server. I'm
serious, it's like 2% of people who actually click these links. And don't forget
to leave us a five star review and tell your friends about the show. All right,
dude, I'm outta here. Still got it.
