**Intro:** [00:00:00] Welcome to Syntax. Welcome to a brand new episode of the
Front End Happy Hour podcast. Welcome to this week's JS Party. Live from Ship
Shape Studios, this is Whiskey Web and Whatnot. With your hosts, Robbie the
Wagner, and me, Charles William Carpenter III. That's right Charles. We drink
whiskey and talk about web development.

I mean, it's all in the name. It's not that deep. This is Whiskey Web and
Whatnot. Do not adjust your set.

**Promo:** Hey everyone. We want to invite you to join us at All Things Open.
All Things Open is the largest open source tech web conference on the US East
Coast. It's hosted annually in the heart of Research Triangle Park in downtown
Raleigh, North Carolina. Target audiences include developers, engineers.
Decision makers and open source [00:01:00] community members and anyone else
involved with open source software. 4,000 to 5,000 people from all over the
world are expected in October. We're gonna be there. More information can be
found online at 2024.allthingsopen.org. I really hope I don't have to spell that
for you.

**Robbie Wagner:** What's up everybody? As you just heard, this is Whiskey Web
and Whatnot. Your favorite podcast about the Byzantine Empire and your hosts,
RobbieTheWagner, and Charles William Carpenter III.

**Chuck Carpenter:** You're so, you're so unsure about that as time goes by. But
it is interesting because the fun banter that we have around that kind of should
be going away because they just heard that already.

**Robbie Wagner:** I know. I just to drop random shit in the beginning though.

**Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, the Byzantine Empire. Yeah. Today's episode is, it's
fucking Friday.

**Robbie Wagner:** That's true.

**Chuck Carpenter:** That's what, that's what it's said. Maybe we need a new
segment called It's [00:02:00] Fucking Friday. It's, you know, there's something
there. I don't know.

**Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. The day of week is of irrelevant these days though,
like, you know, it's, I'm busy all the time, regardless of whether it's quote
unquote work or not, or

**Chuck Carpenter:** Right.

**Robbie Wagner:** So. There's no reprieve.

**Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Yeah. We had a big storm last night, the monsoons
here, and it was substantial rain. Okay. And that's fine, but we have no
drainage and you know, so that's kind of a problem. And there was a a lot of
wind that wind did, gave me some weekend chores. Let's just say that have some,
like the shade sails set up, broke the ropes on a couple of those.

They have some larger bushes that are now like. Leaning like the Tower of Pisa
that I need to figure out okay, there's a 10 foot bush pushed sideways at like,
probably like 45 degrees over or something. It's like pretty substantial. So
it's how do you get this back? I don't know.

**Robbie Wagner:** You can push stuff back, [00:03:00] but it'll sometimes not
hold when you push it back. Like we had tree do that and it was like, oh, you
could just set it back up and like tamp it back down. It just died and then blew
over the other direction. Anyway, so

**Chuck Carpenter:** So there you go. You've really, uh, upped my spirits about
this chore. Yeah, I think like, I'm just gonna take like some big ladder and
Sarah and I will just like, try and use that to press it back to the wall and,

**Robbie Wagner:** yeah, leverage is your friend.

**Chuck Carpenter:** Leverage is our friend, and so we're gonna see it's that,
or we just get, you know, what caused this was a bunch of wind, and so what if
we just get a really big fan no, you know,

**Robbie Wagner:** You get all your neighbors out there and go,

**Chuck Carpenter:** yes. Tight with the neighbors. So that'll help. All right.
Well on that positive note, everyone, let's talk about today's whiskey and, and
sorry in advance.

**Robbie Wagner:** hands are actually, uh, large.

**Chuck Carpenter:** It makes, makes, look at this. This is a normal sized
bottle. I just have [00:04:00] big hands.

**Robbie Wagner:** Yes.

**Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Today's we're having the Kings County Distillery.

It is a spiced flavored whiskey. It is only 80 proof, 40% alcohol buy volume.
This is New York City's oldest whiskey distillery, which you gotta kind of
wonder, it's in Brooklyn. Like, what is that? Like 20 years? I mean, I don't
know. I, I can't imagine there's any like long operating distilleries from a
hundred years

**Robbie Wagner:** Hmm. I don't know.

**Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Yeah. No Nashville, no age statement, but it is
flavored. So today we'll be talking about this one in the of flavored whiskeys.
Ooh. Yeah. Yeah. Definitely has like, it smells like, like a Christmas wreath, a

**Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. Yeah. I was gonna say it's like a spice cider, but
like, not necessarily in a good way. It smells

**Chuck Carpenter:** spice cider candle.

**Robbie Wagner:** yeah, like maybe Juniper. I.

**Chuck Carpenter:** or whatever. Yeah, a little.

**Robbie Wagner:** I don't. Yeah, I don't know if I'm gonna love it.

**Chuck Carpenter:** You're setting yourself up for success here. [00:05:00]
Lots more smells, but that's very much like if you were to get like a Christmas
reef or spice cider candle. That's what it

**Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. Like if you go to cut down a Christmas tree and some
sap on your hand and then you licked it later, probably what this is gonna taste
like.

**Chuck Carpenter:** So the, the side note there is that you've just revealed
that you do, you tried to lick the SAP off?

**Robbie Wagner:** No, no, I'm just, I'm just speculating.

**Chuck Carpenter:** Tinge. More cinnamon? Yeah. Like I don't even know if
people,

**Robbie Wagner:** whoa.

**Chuck Carpenter:** yeah,

**Robbie Wagner:** Definitely spice cidery,

**Chuck Carpenter:** yeah.

**Robbie Wagner:** some star anise and like oranges.

**Chuck Carpenter:** Maybe it's basically everything you would put it. What were
those things? It used to be very popular and you get like this bag of like
potpourri pop, right? If you had like a winter potpourri and your grandmother,
because who else would be still using potpourri? But like you have that, you
know, it's that stuff.

It's like all dried [00:06:00] out and then you put it in this little bowl thing
and then it goes on top of something else that kind of warms it, and then you
get that scent throughout the house.

That's what this tastes like. Like if I was to eat some of that winter spice
that's what this tastes like,

**Robbie Wagner:** yeah. Also like another old person thing, like getting a. A
cinnamon broom or like a thing of pine cones that are like coated in cinnamon or
whatever, like all, all of the above is what it

**Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, it evokes all of those wintery, which aren't I, so
I'm not saying that, at least for me in a bad way necessarily like these, these
aren't, like that said, it's hot August day where it's 101 outside for me,
although I'm in a freezing office right now. So, you know, kind of balances out.
I think this might make for interesting winter cocktails.

That's what I'll say about it. Like if I this in a little eggnog. I could
probably fuck with that 'cause I would bring some interesting like thickness and
sweetness to it also.

**Robbie Wagner:** yeah, I think it's like all of the flavors are good.
[00:07:00] I don't know if I like fully enjoy it as one flavor, but it's like.
Everything I'm tasting is good, but it is a little more candidly to me, like it
doesn't taste as food like, so just a little, like a tiny bit off putting from
that. But like all the flavors are are pleasant.

**Chuck Carpenter:** All right. Well, I think we're prepared to rate this the
highly technical scale for those listening. For the first time, I'm sorry, you
should be upset with whoever suggested this podcast. But anyway, we have a
highly technical rating scale from zero to eight to tentacles because you know,
a dead octopi may have zero tentacles, hard to say.

And, uh, zero being terrible. Four, middle of the road. Eight. Amazing. Clear
the shelves. Robbie and I will be rating this against other flavored whiskeys
that we've had. We like to categorize, but you can do whatever you like if you
go out and try this yourself.

**Robbie Wagner:** Is it me

**Chuck Carpenter:** hear your voice next. Yeah, I

**Robbie Wagner:** Okay.

**Chuck Carpenter:** go.

There's enough of me.

**Robbie Wagner:** I think. Uh, we haven't really rated a lot of flavored
[00:08:00] whiskeys and we should do some more just 'cause we do a lot of like
nice whiskeys. Let's do some weird

**Chuck Carpenter:** get some more shit. Off the bottom shelf.

**Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. So not that this is bottom shelf. I do like it. I think
it's pretty good. Compared to other flavored whiskeys, I don't enjoy it as much.

'cause usually with a flavored whiskey I'm kind of wanting it to stand on its
own with the flavor and be like super enjoyable. I do agree this would be good
in a cocktail or something more wintry. My favorite flavored whiskey was that
Banana One, ironically.

**Chuck Carpenter:** you were gonna say it. knew you were gonna say it. much to
my chagrin, I agree with you.

**Robbie Wagner:** Yes. Everyone that I've

**Chuck Carpenter:** been the best one.

**Robbie Wagner:** is I'm like, all right, like suspend disbelief here for a
second.

Like, this gonna be good. Try it. And they're like, no, no, no. Like, yeah, try.
Oh, it's actually good. But anyway, one much less good than that, I would say on
its own, not mixing a cocktail, it's kind of middle of the road for me. So I'd
say about a four.

**Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, I, I have to agree, like I don't want to completely
shit on it 'cause it's not bad, but the flavors are very nuanced to a very
specific [00:09:00] context and thinking that like, you would have to mix it to
make it tasty, to kind of, you know, it just isn't diverse enough or whatever.
It just doesn't. Satiate enough on its own, but not bad for what it is.

So we've got like, so this comes in a few different sizes and this was just
their 200 milliliter, like looks like a little pint, like prohibition, I'm
sneaking around my whiskey pint, yada, yada, yada. It was like 15, 20 bucks,
something like that. Worth trying, worth kind of hanging around for like, you
know, special things.

But, uh, a four is fine. I wouldn't be like, go get it. But if you were like,
I'm looking for something different for my eggnog. I would suggest

**Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. Or a spice cider, like you don't need to spice your
cider because it's already spice. So just like. Put it in your cider.

**Chuck Carpenter:** Get a nice fresh cider again. I think sweet is the missing
element and fine. Right? Like whatever this mash bill is doesn't have that. So
this has a little bitter and, and all those other flavors that we mentioned.
Just a sweet would round it out for me.

**Robbie Wagner:** [00:10:00] yeah. Agreed.

**Chuck Carpenter:** Well, okay then no hot takes 'cause it's just us.

**Robbie Wagner:** I mean, I'm sure we have hot takes. I just don't know what,
uh, what they would be right now.

**Chuck Carpenter:** Well, the answer to every hot take for you is tailwind. For
some reason it's strange. You are like, rails are jingo. You're like tailwind.
know.

**Robbie Wagner:** I don't need a backend framework. I write my, uh, APIs
exclusively in utility classes, and it just works.

**Chuck Carpenter:** I can't wait till you can use server in CSS and make your,
you know, SQL queries right From your CSS.

**Robbie Wagner:** Something, something that could be a potential hot take. That
that reminded me of this guy posted something about like, most humans can't
follow a conditional statement, and his like explanation wasn't good. It was
like, if I go to France, where could I get a good baguette? So it's like the
first part is like if I go to France and Mo, he's like, most people will ignore
that and just [00:11:00] assume you're saying I'm gonna go to France.

So where would you recommend? But it's like a if then. And I don't love that
example 'cause I feel like a lot of people would have that problem. But he's
like saying that people can't follow that. And that means like over half of
people that can't follow like conditional statements like that are, that means
those people aren't turning complete.

And I'm like, what?

**Chuck Carpenter:** That's, that's some weird shit. Like, so there's this
entire area of development for software folks or whatever else where there are
weird flexes like that. And I think it's been bubbling up for various reasons,
right? Like when people are talking about. Software complexity and full stack
frameworks and stuff of that nature.

But like it's come up a bunch in the last few days because of the Lex Friedman
podcast and Peter Levels being on there and like, oh, I just used jQuery and
PHP, and I ship and I push right to production. I don't know if you've seen some
of that stuff.

**Robbie Wagner:** I've [00:12:00] seen some of the posts. Yeah.

**Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, and people will kind of choose some like, oh, he's
great, or he's bullshit and Polly cares about his money over like clean,
well-crafted software.

And this feels like one of those in the sense of like, I'm doing some geeky tech
flex to show you how I could apply these paradigms to everything in in the world
or something. I don't know. It does what it feels like to me.

**Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. Yeah. I don't know that I fully follow it, but I guess
my roundabout point there was like CSS is going to be fully touring complete
before half of humanity, which is hilarious.

**Chuck Carpenter:** That, that is probably true. Yeah. Or definitely is true.
Right? But also if like, somebody brought that up to you at a party, assuming
you got invited, which we won't, but uh, had they, you'd be like, shut up.

**Robbie Wagner:** Like this fucking nerd,

**Chuck Carpenter:** You know who you are. You are not fun. That's what you are.
You're not fun. I hope that feels [00:13:00] good though.

Maybe you should go home and be touring. Complete yourself off. I don't Alone.
'cause nobody wants to hear that shit. Anyway. That said, you know, interesting
analysis, I guess to a degree we are a web software podcast and I do find some
of those like rabbit holes. Interesting. But then I like check myself every once
in a while and I'm like, who cares?

You know what this doesn't do. Pay a fucking mortgage.

**Robbie Wagner:** yeah, I have reacquainted myself with the 13-year-old who
would like find something online and need to fight with everyone about it and
have a lot of fun with that. I like. I missed that. Like, so I'm, I'm here for
all the drama.

**Chuck Carpenter:** Do you plan to start to partake deeper in those discussions
is what you mean?

**Robbie Wagner:** I think so I just want to, I feel like I'm not very
thoughtful about, I'm just like, try to shit on people for fun, but like, I do
wanna have more, uh, [00:14:00] educated, like discussions about that sort,
these sort of things. And like, call people out for real reasons instead of just
like, you're dumb. No, you're dumb.

Like,

**Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, no. Yeah. I mean, if you're gonna engage kind of.
Make it something, at least it doesn't matter, like if your opinion is right per
se, but like contradictory opinions do make for some entertaining threads. I
have just been in the mode for a little bit because someone online was saying
like a modern generations find replying with a meme as like creepy and weird,
and I was like, hold my beer.

**Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. Gen Z can just shut the fuck up because everything,
they think everything is weird. Meanwhile, they use no real English in their
sentences and like,

**Chuck Carpenter:** All the, their own vernacular and all of that. I mean, lots
of generations

**Robbie Wagner:** yeah. Like they, they think like we've, we've gone, gone full
circle. If you wear no show socks, those, those are dad socks. Now you gotta
have the real tall socks.

I'm [00:15:00] like. I think they just don't want, like, every generation can't,
like the stuff the last generation liked 'cause that's like their parents, that
can't be cool. So it's like, I get it and I get, but it's just like, just shut
up. Just leave everyone to their own. Like they, they've redone all the emojis
too.

They're like, oh yeah, this emoji means this now. So like, if I use it, I look
like an asshole to like everyone who understands that. But I've been using this
emoji for like my whole life, bro. Like, anyway.

**Chuck Carpenter:** That's a, it's an interesting point and it's really funny
for me given like things are coming around the second time and then some for
few, so it's like, oh yeah, I wore those socks in high school. Of course. Yeah.
We all did that and push 'em down and pinch roll and all that bullshit that
you're doing now.

I already done it

**Robbie Wagner:** Yeah.

**Chuck Carpenter:** years ago, feels like, and then, you know, I came around
to, to these other bits 'cause. I think I just came to more functional bits. I
like no-show socks because it's a billion degrees here. So why am I [00:16:00]
covering up more legs when I've worn shorts to explicitly expose more

**Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, and you don't have to worry about like anything about
the style of the sock 'cause you don't see it. So it's like.

**Chuck Carpenter:** Right, but it's a good way of, because there was some years
or whatever where you just wore like no socks and your shoes and made them
stinky and whatever else. It was like, this is a good middle ground. Like, you
know, there's a hygiene to this and still get to expose. don't know.

**Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. I feel like this all, you know, kind of brings me back
to everyone loving different frameworks and ways of doing things and like. You
got the one camp that like learned React or like, whatever, a decade ago, and
they're like, never gonna change. And then got, you know, the other camp that's
like, Ooh, that came out.

All right, I'll use that for three years. And then, Ooh, view is out. I'm gonna
use that. And then, oh, oh, okay. Feld is out now. And like, you know, people
want the new [00:17:00] shiny and they're always chasing the shiniest thing. And
like, I think we're, we're doing the same thing, kind of circling back.
Everyone's like, oh God, I'm tired of learning a new framework every three
years.

Ooh, PHP still exists. use that.

**Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, I heard Laravel is good. I don't know. true? Let's,
uh, maybe you get a Lambo out of it. No, you don't. Just the guy who created
Laravel, I didn't even realize they have their own. Special hosting for the
framework. So it's like the

**Robbie Wagner:** Hmm.

**Chuck Carpenter:** versal like business model on that high level.

Obviously there's a whole lot else going on, I'm sure for both sides and I don't
know, I can't even remember. It's like Laravel Inferno or Disco Infer. Anyway, I
don't remember what it's called, but they do have their own hosting thing. And
again, this comes out of the Whole Levels discourse. Of, of stuff.

'cause he makes some comment about like how he doesn't understand these, these
companies making these frameworks and their own hosting [00:18:00] specific for
the frameworks and all the money going into that, and yada yada yada, you know?
Right. Like he's just a dude, uh, on his laptop trying to ship his So good for
him.

That's a good way to do it, I think. And there's, it's obviously not for
everything and everyone, but you know, pointing out. What is, and again, it's
not the end of the world. These are businesses that people invest in and have
careers and lives around, and so they're trying to make money. I get that, but
is it for you or not?

I don't know. You know, that's the other tech flex though, is like, oh man, my
$5 VPS can do the same stuff if you just don't be a dummy and learn a few
things.

**Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, that's true. I don't know. There's a, a lot different
ways to, to do everything and I'm just trying to like, hopefully make enough
money for retirement before AI puts us all outta

**Chuck Carpenter:** Mm. So you're racing the clock.

**Robbie Wagner:** yeah. Yeah.

**Chuck Carpenter:** I mean, there's humans involved at some level though,
right? Like you're not a [00:19:00] CEO who, like what? Hires a product manager
who becomes good at prompting and then you just trust the computer is doing the
right thing for you. Like. don't know. I just feel there's, there's a lot more
nuance there.

mean, there's no way that things stay the same. I mean, not that they've stayed
the same, the last 10 years even, So whatever, like I agree that there's going
to be shifts and changes and whatever else. It might be less people, I don't
know. Or you might have to adapt that. And we're all managers, we're all
computer managers.

Maybe you've gotta like.

**Robbie Wagner:** Yeah.

**Chuck Carpenter:** There's, okay. Just make sure you review the PR before a
computer developer pushes shit in. I don't know. I have no idea what it is, but,
and somebody still designs the system some, you know, not

**Robbie Wagner:** everything's still changing. So like, you know, as new
frameworks come out or like we all decide, or not even just decide like a new
HTML element drops and it like [00:20:00] is useful for a bunch of stuff that we
were like hacking around forever. AI is gonna be like, oh, the way you do it is
you do this hack around way.

And like humans will know, oh no, this has changed. And like, yeah, AI will
continue to learn and evolve as we keep. Throwing billions of dollars at it and
throwing ourselves into an unavoidable disaster with the, the environment. I
don't know. I, I do think it's kind of a bubble. It's not gonna solve everyone's
problems.

It's gonna change a lot of things, and it will potentially get rid of some
industries, you know, like a call center if AI knows the answers to everything
theoretically and can just answer you immediately, you don't have to wait on
hold and whatever. Yeah, that's, that's fine.

**Chuck Carpenter:** like, yeah, right? Like who's to say that customer service
isn't displaced before development? But you also gotta think of it from the
access standpoint, which is like, okay, let's say. The interview you mentioned
or whatever is correct, and like if you have access, if you are [00:21:00]
Amazon or you have like easy access to Amazon level infrastructure, like the,
the Devon thing, that was like a year ago or something like here's a completely
AI software engineer who can afford Devon though, right?

Like not everybody can afford Devon or a version or a replicant of, of Devon. So
it doesn't end up, even if it works. Good enough. And then whatever system that
goes into that works, there's gonna be a whole rollout over decades potentially.

**Robbie Wagner:** I do wonder what the things actually. Cost. I haven't looked
at all into does OpenAI actually make money off of

**Chuck Carpenter:** do.

**Robbie Wagner:** or, yeah. 'cause I'm assuming like if I do a lot of really
complex things and use a lot of your compute up and I pay a flat, what, 20 bucks
a month or whatever, like they're probably not making money that probably just
like they're showing revenue growth, which brings new investors and whatever,
but like.

**Chuck Carpenter:** their thing is interest in signups and also intake to
continue to train the [00:22:00] models and all of that like crazy stuff. That's
the asset. The asset isn't really revenue at this point. The revenue just
offsets cost.

**Robbie Wagner:** So, I don't know. I don't know that it's super sustainable. I
think it's kind of like, you know, we had the Uber for everything for a while
and most of those have died off. And like even the Ubers and door dashes of the
world are like still like, oh, we're not making money. How do we do this?

**Chuck Carpenter:** they're still struggling yet somehow, like the cost
continues to rise. There's various con conveniences of it that go away. Like, I
don't, I can't tell you, it must be at least like two in 10 orders from like
DoorDash are fucked up. So then you have a whole customer service loop and I'm
annoyed, and now I'm not gonna order with you for a couple of weeks.

And the humans aren't making as much money either, so they're like, fees go
down. The interest from people trying to do the gig economy, like they can't get
by either. Like I feel like there's a of fallacies across it, so I [00:23:00]
don't know.

**Robbie Wagner:** yeah. I saw somebody post a thing about like a, a way to make
money is to like buy a bunch of old cars and just rent them to DoorDash people.
I. Because like either they don't have a car at all and they're looking for an
easy way to like start door dashing or like they don't wanna put a bunch of
miles on their car.

Whether that makes money or not or is worth the headache or not is, is not for
sure. But then it's like some DoorDash driver broke down all the costs of that
and was like, he basically makes like a dollar an hour or something after all
expenses, like nothing. 'cause you know you gotta pay for your gas, which is
like pretty much a daily thing if you're driving all day.

I think he made maybe like three or $4 a mile or something. I don't, maybe, I
don't know. I don't remember all the numbers. He basically was down to like
after all expenses and like everything, it's like a dollar an hour, like
basically nothing.

**Chuck Carpenter:** Like you make whatever money and then at some point you
gotta put new tires on your credit card or some bullshit that. Like, you know,
you get tires that are supposed to go 40,000 [00:24:00] miles and you know, you
do that every year and there's just like constant wear on them. They probably
don't last as long.

It's like. So the gig economy, I could tell you, you know, the Uber for hotel
rooms, Airbnb, short-term rentals, that game sucks. Been in, been in that

**Robbie Wagner:** it's good.

**Chuck Carpenter:** yeah,

**Robbie Wagner:** Or you mean as a, as an owner, it

**Chuck Carpenter:** as an owner, as a, I have vacillated back and forth as a
whatever, renter, whatever that is.

**Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, I've had good experiences and bad experiences renting
from

**Chuck Carpenter:** sure. Overall, I used to be a big fan of it, especially
when traveling abroad because it was a great way to just like.

Get out of the tourist center and like be in normal neighborhood and like
experience that, like, which I do value quite a bit. And that was always more
important to me than like some of the amenities. But you know, even that, like
the fees have gone up and there's like crazy cleaning fees. then, and on top of
that they're like, make sure you clean it all [00:25:00] yourself and, uh,

**Robbie Wagner:** yeah. There was one, like we went to South Carolina. We were
looking for places. They were all like. Relatively affordable, but there was one
that like, I forget the exact numbers. Let's say this one was like a hundred
bucks a night or something, and the other one was like two 50 a night. So you're
like on paper, like the a hundred dollars a night one, probably the one that's
cheaper, right?

But then you go like try to book it and it's like, oh, there's like a $500
cleaning fee at the end, and you're

the fuck. They do that, I guess to like get around the like taxes and fees on a
little bit of their money or something and just straight up pocket that money.
But there should be some kind of threshold, like there's no way you're paying
that much for someone to clean that place.

**Chuck Carpenter:** no. Yeah, there's no way. I mean, a deep clean of like a
three bedroom house wouldn't cost that much, so. Yeah, that's a little like you
said, I think you figured it out. They're trying get around some of the, all of
that stuff.

**CTA:** This just in! Whiskey.fund is now [00:26:00] open for all your merch
needs. That's right, Robbie. We're hearing reports of hats, sweaters, and
T-shirts, as well as a link to join our Discord server. What's a Discord server?
Just read the prompter, man. Hit subscribe. Leave us a review on your favorite
podcast app and tell your friends about our broadcast. It really does help us
reach more people and keeps the show growing. All right, back to your regularly
scheduled programming.

**Chuck Carpenter:** So we've talked about a few different industries that
software is involved with.

I wonder is there any industry, 'cause as some people may not know, we have run
an agency together. It's not dead, it's just smaller ship shape and worked with
all kinds of clients. Is there any client or industry that you think like. You
know, all money being the same, that you wouldn't build an app for.

**Robbie Wagner:** My initial thought was, no. Like, if you're paying me enough,
I don't really care. [00:27:00] But I think they're like, you know, aside from,
you know, potential content that people may or may not like around like
pornography or drugs or like, things like that, like you may not like love that,
but if like the things you're doing are legal. In whatever capacity. Fine. I
think the problem becomes like if you're promoting like terrorism or like, like
you get a call from ISIS and they're like, yo, here's a million dollars, but you
gotta make us this dope website. We want super base and we want js like,

**Chuck Carpenter:** Oh geez.

**Robbie Wagner:** then you'd probably have to be like, God, I wish I could take
this million dollars.

But no, like that there is a level where you would have to be like, this is
actively harming people or promoting people that harm people. I can't do that.
But in terms of like content that's like, eh, like whatever, like I don't care.
I'll do whatever. Like

**Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, I mean, I think it's an assumed he wouldn't do
anything illegal, and I believe like at this point, like [00:28:00] interacting
with isis, even if it was an Astros static website, might be illegal. I don't
know. I'm not really

**Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. I think doing anything for them. Yeah.

**Chuck Carpenter:** I, I think I would stray from politics completely, in
general.

Either party, any of the parties, like all of this stuff. I, I think I would
just be like, I don't know.

**Robbie Wagner:** If they do have giant piles of money, though.

**Chuck Carpenter:** just for short periods of time, you know? And then you
gotta build rapport with someone else altogether. I don't think I would really
like to do that unless it was like a very cool technical challenge.

Maybe. I don't know. So there you go. I just said offhand. Yeah, like assuming
it's legal. So that means you can do something for the marijuana industry in
many states. I don't know if Virginia is one of those and yeah. You know, legal
porn with adults and whatever. I guess that's fine. Yeah. I don't know. It's
funny though 'cause like what kind of vibes would it give you?

I used to work for National Geographic working [00:29:00] on anything with that
content for the most part. Like used to, I just used to think it was so cool and
I would kind of geek out on it. So I guess I might, you know, be missing that
aspect of it.

**Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. I mean, I think a pride in your work. Kind of thing
where you don't want to share where you're working. You might be a little
embarrassed about it, but I

**Chuck Carpenter:** right. Like it's hard to share or something else? I would,
mean, while I'm working on it, I would think about like, what are the challenges
here? Oh, I'm dealing with like high resolution images and, and how do you like,
provide the best for the user, but also like, don't fuck the network or I don't
know.

**Robbie Wagner:** I imagine that like. You know, working for a porn site or
something that you don't necessarily have to sit there and watch porn all day.
They probably have like a placeholder video or like

**Chuck Carpenter:** Well, I was just like, can't you really just like have test
data your development? That just isn't that like, do I need to see a dick in to
get this right? Like if I

**Robbie Wagner:** I mean, the person probably [00:30:00] does, but like you
don't.

**Chuck Carpenter:** Right. Take, I'd mix it with a little water just to see if
it

**Robbie Wagner:** Oh, I don't know do that.

**Chuck Carpenter:** That's not better. I wouldn't do that.

No. I would say avoid, it was partially accidental. This's, just me making an
excuse. I don't wanna lie to our listener. I forgot. I put some water in there
to clear it out. Poured a little more whiskey as we were talking about Dick and

**Robbie Wagner:** As we do.

**Chuck Carpenter:** I. Yeah, that's what we do sometimes, know, and yeah, mix
it up. Don't, don't suggest.

So there you go. Uh, all right. So, yeah, I think we agree then. At some point,
like the nature of the content isn't quite all that important. For the most
part. I think we're open to just like solving challenges.

**Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, I think, actually, this might be a weird thing to say
and it's kind of unique to Ember Apps, but like I can build an app for years and
never know what kind of content that place I'm working at does because it's so
opinionated. Like I [00:31:00] don't need to know about. How the business works
or what all the specifics are.

You've got your Ember data models. You tell me like what fields you're getting
from the back end. I like wire it all up like,

**Chuck Carpenter:** Mm-Hmm.

**Robbie Wagner:** you know, can do it without running the app. You just like
run tests. They pass good.

**Chuck Carpenter:** until you read or write, your first is dick pic Boolean.
Right. know, it's

**Robbie Wagner:** Hotdog or no hot dog?

**Chuck Carpenter:** Exactly. Yeah. On chat roulette. We see how that worked.

**Robbie Wagner:** Yeah.

**Chuck Carpenter:** All right. Do you wanna, you wanna talk about this open
source? This, I think you should talk about this this is basically your dream
scenario.

**Robbie Wagner:** so I, I want to have him on to talk more. I asked if he liked
whiskey, he said yes. So, we'll, we'll have him on to give the full story. But,
uh, this guy, Caleb Poeo, he's like, he does some Laravel stuff and some
something else. I don't, honestly, I don't know a ton about him. I've

**Chuck Carpenter:** See PHP coming back, coming for you.

**Robbie Wagner:** But he's [00:32:00] basically like, he had a post on how he's
making a hundred KA year on GitHub sponsors, and then a follow up post on how he
made like a million dollars total so far or something. And he has like a lot of
thoughts around how you should do things, how you should run a project. I think
what's important to note is like probably until now-ish after, I think he said
he'd been doing it like five years now.

I think probably until now-ish, he's like, like a hundred K is still a decent
chunk of change, but it's not like you're not super rich. So

**Chuck Carpenter:** No. No. Even a million isn't super rich

**Robbie Wagner:** sure, it depends on the time period you acquire it in. And
don't know the specifics on, on all of that. 'cause it wasn't like I. This year
I made a million. It was like I made a million and it wasn't clear on over what
time period it accumulated.

So we'll ask anyway. He was like, you know, the important things are just make a
good project, right? And like have nice docs, like make it feel nice for
developers. And then you can kind of layer [00:33:00] on some things. Like you
don't want it to be like a recipe site where it's like ads, ads, ads, ads,

**Chuck Carpenter:** Oh gosh, they're the worst.

**Robbie Wagner:** yeah. So, because if

**Chuck Carpenter:** Well those are content creators. Just clicking audio
install for WordPress and

**Robbie Wagner:** but if you encountered that on like the next JS docs, you
would just never use Next Js. so you have to be mindful of like your audience
and, and what they're, you know, wanting to do. So like, making that nice and
then having like a couple subtle links like join our, uh, email list or like,
you know, we have this new product launch coming, like, click here for more
info.

Not like random ads, just like. Nudging you towards other revenue streams and
like the email list is super important. He said, so like, you know, you gotta
continue to build up your following, which we should probably build a few email
lists for the various do.

**Chuck Carpenter:** I was gonna say, we have dropped the ball there,

**Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. Yeah. I think everything is just hard to start, but if
we started it would probably be fine. [00:34:00] Which is also another one of
his things is like, you know, this has been my problem a little bit. I've also
been like really busy, but I care about the amount, like the, the quality level
of everything. So like

**Chuck Carpenter:** do

**Robbie Wagner:** nice stuff for this. We've got nice stuff for the podcast.
We've got some people that edit it for us. Now we'll see if we continue to have
them or not. But you know, I that, that bar of

**Chuck Carpenter:** if you'd like to help us with that, please visit Whiskey
Fund to buy some cool t-shirts and other things that help us keep this podcast
going.

**Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. Honestly, there's not a lot of, there's not a lot of
profit margin on the shirts. Do the memberships instead and then buy a shirt.
'cause the memberships give you access to discord. Then, uh, you get discounts
on merch, like

**Chuck Carpenter:** also access to your couch. If you happen to be in the DMV
area, let Robbie know and you can crash on couch. be a member. I.

**Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. Anyway, what I was saying before that like just not
[00:35:00] caring about how perfect, it's like make a video, talk about your
product, put it out there. You're the one that knows the most about your
product, whether you're doing a great job of being a super professional. You
know, voiceover quality instructor or like just talking about it as a real
person and putting it out there doesn't as much as getting content out there.

So like you're your worst critic. Just like make stuff, put it out, which I
think is great advice.

**Chuck Carpenter:** And I think from a content creation standpoint, the more
you flex that muscle, the more you do it. And please just take these words and
not my actions, the better it'll be. Right. just inevitably going to be
challenging before you start doing it, and you're just not going to be an expert
until you.

Get your own voice. So yeah, I mean I think that that's been a big thing that I
started to, to feel more strongly about is like, don't worry about perfection,
just start shipping. And that on with the levels conversation, where it again is
like at the end of the day, he's shipping [00:36:00] things that people value
and he makes money from that.

And rinse, repeat,

**Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, and you can always iterate if you put a product out and
you didn't take the time to write any tests 'cause you were just shipping to
production, doing it quick and it starts to blow up and you're like, oh damn, I
hope this like doesn't break. Maybe take some time to write some tests, refactor
some of that shitty code.

Like there's nothing saying, like when you do a thing, it has to be that
version. Even you record a video, you could be like, oh, I didn't love the audio
on that one. Everyone loves this video though. Let me just redo it with a better
audio track. Or like, whatever. Like there's, there's nothing saying that
everything you put out has to be your final product forever.

**Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, like make a bunch of small bets. That's actually a
very interesting builder community that I came across recently. Small bets.com.
They're not sponsoring us, but, and it's this philosophy. That you don't have to
put all your eggs in one basket necessarily. Like try out a lot of ideas, push
things out, see what [00:37:00] catches fire and, and even if they don't catch
fire, like see what just works.

And what if you had like four things that were working generally well? That's a
way to sustain as well. It doesn't have to be the end all, be all. Oh man, I got
a bunch of VC funding, or I got acquired, or I got whatever it might be like.
This brings a thousand dollars a month and this is actually like a nice
supplement and it's passive and you know, you just, you never know.

**Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. I think that is another big key, like, you know,
everyone is looking for the next big idea. And you and I don't have the next big
idea, or we lots of money by now. So yeah, I do think there's something to that.
Just shipping smaller products that are like lower maintenance, even if it's
less, if it's like $300 a month, but you do that 15 times, you start to be
making a lot of money, right?

Like so. Yeah, I think if you have a small idea and you're like, oh, this is
small, or Oh, there's a competitor, this guy already did it and his [00:38:00]
site looks cool, like, I'm not gonna waste my time. Don't think like that. Just
like, just build it anyway. Try to hype it up. Maybe people like you better than
the person who built the other one, then it takes off.

Or like they like some small part of your product better, like you never know
and it existing already doesn't mean you shouldn't try it.

**Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, no, for sure. Great points there. I want to talk a
little what not though.

**Robbie Wagner:** Let's do it.

**Chuck Carpenter:** Let's transition to that. First of all, just a couple of
days ago, and by the time this comes out, it'll be well known information if you
are a Star Wars fan, which I am, and that for me means I try to take in all the
content that I can, especially like the shows and movies and whatever else.

I guess I haven't really read any of the books or the like non cannon things.
Not that I'm opposed, it's just a time issue. Anyway, watching the shows on
Disney Plus as they come out, very much enjoying that. Watch the first season of
the Acolyte, and it was like, yeah, yeah, I like this. I want to know where this
story is going.

It's great. Like, you know, [00:39:00] the rise of the sth, I guess, or wherever
this is going necessarily. I am not a hundred percent sure. Apparently I'll
never know now because they canceled the show. Like the way it ended was a
little like, clear. Yeah, no spoilers, but clearly. There's more coming. This is
gonna be cool.

This is like, I'm, I'm really excited for the second season, but I guess, I mean
there is some social blowback and all of that aside, like I don't really care.
But apparently this is also like the lowest rated Star Wars Disney show since
they started all

**Robbie Wagner:** I've only watched the first episode, but I thought it was
decent.

**Chuck Carpenter:** And it gets even better.

I do think you should watch it anyway, just because

**Robbie Wagner:** Oh, I

**Chuck Carpenter:** characters introduced there. Like there are some throughout
like Star Wars lore. There's obviously just some really cool. STH characters in
particular that have been introduced. I always thought like Darth Mall was super
awesome, so, but he was, you know, barely in that, that one movie and got
murdered and I [00:40:00] ended up reading comics to like get more of his
backstory and like his planet and all that kind of stuff.

So anyway, there's another cool one

**Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, I think that's, I guess hot take is maybe not the right
word for it, but like I really enjoy when I find a show on whatever, like
usually Netflix. 'cause Netflix just has like. Insane amounts of content, but
you open it up and it's like limited series. I'm like, fuck. Yeah. Because now I
know you planned it out to end and not end on a cliffhanger and you're not gonna
be like, oh yeah, we're gonna have a season two.

Here's this like not wrapped up ending and oh, it's canceled. Like.

**Chuck Carpenter:** that's, that's true. I, I kind of hate some of those
stories where you like get invested. I remember HBO had this show Carnival like
years ago. That I thought it was like kind of supernatural and it was like
during like the Great Depression and so it was all these like interesting social
elements to it.

And it was like this traveling carnival and like, it was really [00:41:00] cool
and I think it went two or three seasons. I'm super invested. And then they were
like, and we're done. And I, I have no idea where this goes now. High
production, I guess. Not enough people were me watching it and then it went
away.

You know, you never get it tidied up and that's just something I.

**Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. Yeah. I, I feel like there's been a lot of shows that
have done that to me. The one that I remember from, within the last two or three
years, I don't remember when I watched it exactly. I watched Resident Evil,
which they like always make new shows and movies about, but like, I. There was a
Netflix show and it was one season, it was super good and then ended on an
insane cliffhanger and then canceled.

And I was like, oh my God.

**Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah,

**Robbie Wagner:** gonna do that, I think you should be required to like have a
clause that's like, if not renewed, we will make like two or three more episodes
that will wrap up the story for you,

**Chuck Carpenter:** Do you want that though? Because so many people complained
about the last season of Game of Thrones, [00:42:00] which a lot of people
thought was rushed

**Robbie Wagner:** it was, they shouldn't have done that until the books and
everything were done.

**Chuck Carpenter:** but it's still not out like these people are like.

**Robbie Wagner:** if there's ending and, he dies and before he finishes all the
books, then fine. Like that ending was terrible.

**Chuck Carpenter:** So House of the Dragons,

**Robbie Wagner:** House of the Dragon is. Pretty good. I am like halfway
through the second season. I know you said you felt like nothing happened. I
can, it kind of feels like this season is like a in-between buildup season and
like, I'm guessing not a lot will happen by the end. I haven't watched it all
yet, but.

**Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, I would say like, don't get your hopes up about. Any
tidying or setup necessarily in the last episode? I think it's worth watching
the whole season. I mean, just because like the effects, like the dragons are
just awesome and like all of that, like [00:43:00] CGI is like super cool and
still very satisfying to me.

Yeah, I'm just annoyed because you know, it takes them forever to make a season.
So it's probably like two years before we're gonna get to boot up again and I
just didn't, I didn't even get a cliffhanger. You know, like anything like no
weird death, no, like blow you back and no cliffhanger. It's just like, sun's
going down now.

See you tomorrow. tomorrow's years from now, it just felt like that. So I'm
super annoyed.

**Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. I mean, every show I feel like takes so long now that
it's so hard to like keep the momentum going and especially with shows with like
kids, like Stranger Things and stuff, like those guys are gonna be like 30
before they put out the last season. Like what are we even doing?

**Chuck Carpenter:** yeah. How, how are you gonna deal with that? Like, I didn't
even know there were more seasons 'cause they're already get like kind of aged
out.

**Robbie Wagner:** I mean, I, I think they're all like thoroughly, like probably
twenties by now. And

**Chuck Carpenter:** [00:44:00] for sure.

**Robbie Wagner:** yeah, they're come back with the last season sometime in the
next couple years, I guess. And they'll be playing like, I guess they're
supposed to be in high school, which maybe some of them passed for that still,
but,

**Chuck Carpenter:** right 11. Married John Bon Jovi's son. So that's

**Robbie Wagner:** oh, did you? I

**Chuck Carpenter:** Anyway, little, little pop culture Yeah, so she's
technically, I forget her name now. Anyway, 11 Bon Jovi. Uh, tangents. Oh, I
know what I was gonna bring up because we haven't really talked about games in a
while because like, I felt like I've had room to breathe for games unless, like,
I'm playing an old version of FIFA for like 30 minutes, once a month or
something, and soccer is gearing back up, but I won't.

Who were you with that this time? I've picked up in the last couple of weeks
since I got back from Italy, 'cause I didn't have it with me. Tears of the
Kingdom. I feel like I've been playing this since we started this podcast, but I
could be wrong. It's just been a long time. On and[00:45:00]

**Robbie Wagner:** It wasn't that when we started the podcast. We probably were
talking about Breath of the Wild when we started the podcast.

**Chuck Carpenter:** and then like, I'm gonna get this next one, they finally
said, so I'm finally in a mode where I've decided, like I'm not just wandering
around, like trying to discover, uh, I don't know, you know, whatever things it
would be. I pick like a random thing, like how much of the deep can I un unveil
and how many heart containers can I get?

And you know, random different things like that. Like I finally stopped. Like
going through all of that. And now I'm like, okay, I'm gearing my character up
to like beat it to just get through Gannon and then whatever from there, because
you can't see what percentage of the game you have done until you've finished
the storyline.

So that's one thing. And also I just think like, I'm tired of wandering. I'm
just gonna give myself a goal. And uh, so I'm at the point where I'm trying to
get the. I have the fierce the armor, and I want to like level it up all the
way, which in its own way was funny because you [00:46:00] have to like get on
every dragon and you have to harvest each of their parts.

I don't even know if you know that you can do these things, but

**Robbie Wagner:** No, I'm like five hours into tears of the kingdom, so.

**Chuck Carpenter:** Oh man. Yeah, so there's like dragons all over the place
and there's like one for each element. And then there's a light dragon that's
like a whole like story part. And for this fierce deity armor, which was also in
breath of the wild, in order to like upgrade that armor, you need like some
dragon parts and some other parts.

And so now I've been working on, I got all the dragon parts I need, which
essentially you can like ride the dragon through their whole route. You have to
wait 10 literal minutes before like you can get the next part. You get a part,
and then you have to wait 10 minutes and then you can harvest another part and
then you have to wait 10 minutes and it was like, oh my gosh, this

**Robbie Wagner:** you're not supposed to like sit and wait. You're supposed to
get one and come back another time is what they intended, but you can wait for
10 minutes.

**Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. [00:47:00] Yeah. The re spawning, which basically
they just like start glowing again. And then that tells you, okay, now you can
get a fang. Now you can. Yeah. I don't know, but it, it is time consuming. A
very specific on that. But I, again, I, I, I've refocused myself 'cause I just
found, like before I was just like wandering around and picking these kind of
arbitrary things like, okay, I want to get this armor set, or now I want to beat
this, uh, I can't remember what half the things are called, but there's these
like three-headed dragon things.

And okay, now I can finally glia I think it is or something and I can finally
beat those. Cool. Now I just like, I'm gonna finish the storyline. Just move on
with my life.

**Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, I do usually don't care about the storyline, but I do
wanna play it more soon because I keep thinking about it. Like over the past few
weeks I've been like, I should start this back up 'cause I'm kind of running
outta like shows that I care that much about like, I'm gonna finish House of the
Dragon and then cancel HBO.

'cause trying to save a little money. Then, yeah, I'm just like, [00:48:00] I've
worked my way through like everything I could possibly wanna watch on Netflix.
Oh, I haven't watched Ripley yet. That's the like one left.

**Chuck Carpenter:** Ooh. I like it. Highly recommend. I wanted to watch that
before we went to Italy, just because even though it's from the sixties, it's,
it's very cool.

**Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. So I don't know. I just feel like I would enjoy more
instead of like just spending an hour or two watching shows like. Building
towards completing a game that I probably should have been playing a lot more
than I have. Sounds like more rewarding than just being mindless, I guess.

**Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. I mean, I don't know. I mean, you know, you're
balancing the, the arts. How about that? You know, film is an art and all of
that, need to, you need to give a little attention to the other arts. I.

**Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, that's true. Side note about, uh, what we talked about
last episode. I think last one was with Taylor, right? We haven't done one since
then.

**Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

**Robbie Wagner:** I've been taking creatine for the past like couple weeks I
guess, and [00:49:00] pretty much still vaporware. Like don't notice any
improvement. Now maybe there is like, my guess is there's like, it helps if
you're working out a ton, like you're a bodybuilder and you can feel the
difference between taking it or not.

When I work out like a few times and then drop off the working out for like two
months, it. Negligible benefits.

**Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. I can't see where that would necessarily benefit,
although I've, I've read some things once or twice about like some people
thinking that it improves, like brain power thought.

**Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, I've seen that. So I'm gonna keep taking it and see if
I feel like I'm like thinking better or getting more work done, or I don't know
what the like measurements are, but

**Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. That's the key is how do you measure the before and
after? Well, I mean, you bought it, you might as well use it, but in general
meh.

**Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. We'll see. I don't think we really have anything else
to cover here. So

**Chuck Carpenter:** No folks. We're about of time. Is there anything you wanna
plug, [00:50:00] Robbie, or uh, where can the people find you?

**Robbie Wagner:** you can find me at uh, yeah, you can find me on Twitter.
RobbieTheWagner, RobbieTheWagner everywhere. Um,

**Chuck Carpenter:** Whiskey fm and then many links there. That's the best place
I think.

**Robbie Wagner:** Uh, I did switch whiskey FM over to the Star Pod version so
people can contact us

**Chuck Carpenter:** I actually stumbled across that yesterday because I went to
do a site search just to pick some future whiskeys for guests, and I was like,
when's the last time we did an old forester? Turns out like two years. So pretty
good.

**Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, like especially if you only have a keyboard that will
type Russian characters, please reach out. I'd love a giant thing of Russian
characters or a lot of like porn spam or any of that would be great from the
contact form. Please drop by, drop all of that in. Uh.

**Chuck Carpenter:** I, I, I, I'm not even sure if you're kidding, though. I
feel like you've got, do you got a honey pot in there [00:51:00] you're looking
to test or

**Robbie Wagner:** Uh, well, I probably shouldn't say this publicly, but there
is absolutely nothing limiting the contact form right now. Maybe limit it before
this episode goes live because it will be, someone will just write a script to
just ping it nonstop and that'll just be annoying.

**Chuck Carpenter:** See, I was thinking like, oh, is there like an Algolia like
search or something I'd like to add to it to make what I did yesterday easier?
I.

**Robbie Wagner:** Well, we are gonna be adding search, so Star Pod will have
search and we still need to have someone on to talk about Astro db 'cause it's
like all of these more complicated things are gonna be powered by Astro. Or
Astro DB specifically, because we'll be able to put all the entities, like an
episode as a thing.

It'll have its transcript, it'll have its guests, it'll have, I guess add a
field for the whiskey. I didn't even think about putting that on an episode, but

**Chuck Carpenter:** That's what I want to do and I wanna like, yeah, we need to
do that. That would help a bunch content wise. Yeah, there's a few things. Okay,
so here's a call out. We need, we need another Astro team member. [00:52:00] I
don't know. Fuck that. Until I get a NASA jacket, Fred. Just saying. All right.
Fair enough. TBD folks.

**Robbie Wagner:** I don't know. My brain's fried. So I think we're done here
and we'll catch you guys next time.

**Outro:** You've been watching Whiskey Web and Whatnot. Recorded in front of a
live studio audience. What the fuck are you talking about, Chuck? Enjoyed the
show? Subscribe. You know, people don't pay attention to these, right? Head to
whiskey.fund for merchant to join our Discord server. I'm serious, it's like 2%
of people who actually click these links. And don't forget to leave us a five
star review and tell your friends about the show. All right, dude, I'm outta
here. Still got it.
