[00:00:00] **Intro:** Welcome to Syntax. Welcome to a brand new episode of the
Front End Happy Hour podcast. Welcome to this week's JS Party. Live from Ship
Shape Studios, this is Whiskey Web and Whatnot. With your hosts, Robbie the
Wagner, and me, Charles William Carpenter III. That's right Charles. We drink
whiskey and talk about web development.

[00:00:27] **Intro:** I mean, it's all in the name. It's not that deep. This is
Whiskey Web and Whatnot. Do not adjust your set.x

[00:00:36] **Chuck Carpenter:** Hey,

[00:00:37] **Robbie Wagner:** up everybody. This is monthly malarkey with, uh,
your hosts feel like we haven't done this in a long time. I don't remember how
to podcast anymore. It's been like a month.

[00:00:48] **Chuck Carpenter:** has it been, it's been a couple of weeks. We've
been releasing backlog items, which are in the order they would have released
anyway. So there's no loss in that sense. But, uh, life has been in the way
[00:01:00] for a few weeks time it seems like.

[00:01:02] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. This episode is sponsored by mucinex cause
I've been sick

[00:01:07] **Chuck Carpenter:** Or, uh, as my mom says it for some reason,
Mucinex. You should take some Mucinex. And I'm like, Mucinex. Oh, shut up. That
was, that's, a little glimpse into my life, so. Don't be jealous.

[00:01:21] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, but we should start with this whiskey. See
if you can get some of the mucus out of my

[00:01:24] **Chuck Carpenter:** yes, because, , In Kentucky, cough syrup is
Whiskey mixed with hot water and lemon.

[00:01:30] **Chuck Carpenter:** It's a couple of

[00:01:31] **Robbie Wagner:** Possibly some honey. Honey is

[00:01:32] **Robbie Wagner:** good

[00:01:33] **Chuck Carpenter:** is also good there, too. Yeah.

[00:01:35] **Chuck Carpenter:** Uh, okay. So today we're having the Cirrus Noble
Small Batch Bourbon Whiskey. It is 90 proof. Aged 5 plus years. So, it's
blended, I'm guessing. Uh, didn't get that explicitly. Uh, mash bill of 78
percent corn, 10 percent rye, and 12 percent malted barley. So, there's a little
more barley up in this one. We'll see what's going on there.

[00:01:59] **Chuck Carpenter:** This episode is [00:02:00] brought to you by
Norlin Glasses. You, too, can get yourself one at Norlin Glasses.

[00:02:06] **Robbie Wagner:** com

[00:02:07] **Robbie Wagner:** I remember the website this

[00:02:08] **Chuck Carpenter:** Good job, because I say it wrong every time.
this one or that one? This or

[00:02:12] **Chuck Carpenter:** that?

[00:02:12] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, or other things, if you want a tumbler or a,
decanters, they have a bunch of stuff. I don't have all of the things they

[00:02:18] **Chuck Carpenter:** Do you have

[00:02:19] **Chuck Carpenter:** anything other than these glasses?

[00:02:20] **Robbie Wagner:** I have one of the heavy tumblers.

[00:02:23] **Chuck Carpenter:** nice. Would recommend.

[00:02:24] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah, it's very heavy. It's like, it's hard to
hold honestly, but like in a good way.

[00:02:29] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, I like that. It's got some durability to
it. Is the dishwasher safe?

[00:02:33] **Robbie Wagner:** Mm hmm. Well, I don't know if they say it is but I
put it in the dishwasher and it's fine I put these in the dishwasher and they're
fine

[00:02:40] **Chuck Carpenter:** That's brave shit. My wife tucked one in one
time and I got to it before she turned it on. I was like, I don't think so.

[00:02:47] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, we just usually don't obey what it says like
we have these glasses with little b's on them too like the the bug a b not

[00:02:56] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh, not the letter

[00:02:57] **Robbie Wagner:** um yeah, and

[00:02:59] **Chuck Carpenter:** The [00:03:00] name B?

[00:03:00] **Robbie Wagner:** And they're like Never put this in the dishwasher.
And we're like, you know what, we're going to do it. And if they break, they
break and they haven't broken.

[00:03:06] **Robbie Wagner:** So whatever.

[00:03:08] **Chuck Carpenter:** I got a little lemongrass. Light.

[00:03:10] **Robbie Wagner:** I'm smelling strawberry bubblegum.

[00:03:14] **Chuck Carpenter:** Huh. I wish I was getting that. No. Lemongrass
for me.

[00:03:18] **Robbie Wagner:** Oh man. Haven't had alcohol in a while. And that
is, um, that is potent.

[00:03:26] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, it's been, gosh, definitely not quite 24
hours yet, but, uh, you know, we'll get in there. I'm priming the palate here a
little bit. Hmm. I get a little spice. This is a little sugar, a little spice,
definitely a little cinnamon in the beginning, a little bit

[00:03:45] **Chuck Carpenter:** of,

[00:03:45] **Robbie Wagner:** I would say, um, I was just going to say brown
sugar,

[00:03:48] **Chuck Carpenter:** Mm hmm.

[00:03:49] **Robbie Wagner:** like usually the sweetness isn't specifically
sugar for me, but I'm, I'm feeling the exact taste of like putting some brown
sugar in my mouth.

[00:03:56] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, it usually has more of a like char or
something to it, but this is, [00:04:00] tastes more like the sugar. And then, a
little sharp at the end, like maybe even like a slight nuttiness. I don't know.
Interesting. I had this one many years ago actually, and I really disliked it at
that time. So I don't know if there's a difference in they've improved their
process and product.

[00:04:19] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah, because I would say it was probably, like,
at least five years ago. I know I've had it before, and I remember seeing this
and being like,

[00:04:25] **Chuck Carpenter:** Well, you decided to, you know, YOLO and do some
orders. And so I was like, Oh, okay. Yeah, I remember that guy. I don't know
about him. Because it is San Francisco distilled, I believe.

[00:04:36] **Chuck Carpenter:** Distilled in Kentucky. Oh, actually it says
distilled in Kentucky, but Sears Noble is from San Fran. So. Which some people
believe is the greatest city on earth. That's what I was trying to say. And not
whatever was coming out before. No shade there. Anyway.

[00:04:54] **Robbie Wagner:** the show is cancelled, folks.

[00:04:56] **Chuck Carpenter:** I mean it was bound to happen sooner or later.

[00:04:58] **Chuck Carpenter:** That's what you get for saddling up with
[00:05:00] this pony bro. Hmm. Yeah, I'm gonna still taste it. I don't know if
you're ready for any kind of rating.

[00:05:07] **Robbie Wagner:** I don't have a lot of additional notes on the
flavor. It, to me, feels a lot like I don't know. It's not smooth. Like i'm
getting a lot of things in different directions. They're like Pow pow pow and
i'm like, I don't know None of it is terrible

[00:05:22] **Chuck Carpenter:** no, it's okay. It's, it's like, not bad. I, I
remember definitely disliking it before. I think it's only like 40, 50 bucks, so
it's not that expensive either. I think it's like in the 40 range. And, yeah, I
know what you're saying. Like, the flavors on their own don't sound bad, but in
this combination, it's a little weird.

[00:05:42] **Chuck Carpenter:** And it's a little hot. Like, it's burning more
than it should for 90 pro, 90 proof. Which

[00:05:46] **Chuck Carpenter:** is.

[00:05:47] **Robbie Wagner:** like it feels like they're on the right track but
it's not very balanced it's like a inexperienced mixer or Mash bill creator or
something

[00:05:56] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:05:57] **Robbie Wagner:** So like, it has potential. I would say, I'm going
to give [00:06:00] it right middle of the road at a four.

[00:06:01] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh, wow. Okay. That is lower than I thought you
would go. Well, I'm gonna hold on here. , by the way, folks. , you may not
remember, but we have a highly, highly complicated rating system from zero to
eight tentacles. Zero being terrible. I'm gonna throw this away. Four being
middle of the road, as Robbie has just rated this one.

[00:06:23] **Chuck Carpenter:** And eight being amazing, clear the shelves.
Which just means, , which for the layman just means buy them all. Literally,
clear the shelf. It's so great every time you see it. Buy every one you have. I
was just reminded I started listening to SmartList again recently, and they
always have these, like, notes.

[00:06:39] **Chuck Carpenter:** Whenever you're doing industry speak, they say,
uh, they speak to, uh, to Sean Hayes sister, Tracy, and they're like, and for
Tracy, that's, uh, you know, blah, blah, blah. So for Tracy, clear the shelves
means this.

[00:06:53] **Robbie Wagner:** See, that, I actually didn't know either. I
thought when you said clear the shelves it meant take everything you have on
your [00:07:00] shelf and throw it away because this one's so

[00:07:02] **Chuck Carpenter:** oh, that's so funny. yeah, I guess, you know, ,
not wrong in that sense, but clear the shelves usually means, like, you see it
out, buy it. It's an immediate buy, if they have more than one, buy them all,
clear the shelves. Like, that's how good it is.

[00:07:14] **Robbie Wagner:** Now we

[00:07:15] **Chuck Carpenter:** do you know what a tater is? I almost wonder if
we should

[00:07:18] **Robbie Wagner:** like a potato.

[00:07:19] **Chuck Carpenter:** Mmm, a tater in the whiskey thing. They're like,
oh gosh. you know what, I'm gonna, I think we should table this for next week.
we're gonna have a guest on that is in the industry, whiskey industry. And I'm
sure he knows what a tater is. And a tater, you know, let me just say that it's
like, It's akin to like, poser in other, Vernaculars other groups like you know
when you like buy all the best stuff But you're not very good in a sport or
something like that like you're a poser.

[00:07:47] **Chuck Carpenter:** It's kind of like that

[00:07:49] **Robbie Wagner:** Was that when we were talking to Dax or was that
on their show that they're saying that the term for buying all the stuff but
you're not good is a buy hard

[00:07:56] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh, I, I did see Dax's, Dax had a [00:08:00]
tweet that was to that, like, , even if you're not, if you're not very good at
your hobby, you can still buy all the nice stuff for your hobby or something
like that. And that becomes kind of your hobby. I don't know, I don't listen to
that show because like, fuck those guys.

[00:08:12] **Chuck Carpenter:** especially because Adam refuses the book. Uh,
he's like, yeah guys, send me the link, I totally want to be on. And I'm like,
well. We're, uh, well, now we're 85 and bankrupt and, uh, we, we can't
accommodate you. I don't know what to say.

[00:08:25] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, by, by the time you book, you're buying your
own whiskey, but

[00:08:28] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, yeah, that's the new format of the show.
Come on and be a guest and by be a guest it means you're sponsoring yourself.
Thank you. Would you buy us a

[00:08:37] **Robbie Wagner:** send

[00:08:37] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, I love it. Yeah, we'd love to have you on.
What whiskey do you want to do? Cool, I'll give you my address. Oh my gosh, if
we could start to get people to instead send us the whiskeys.

[00:08:49] **Chuck Carpenter:** This is a good, now that's the ultimate
arbitrage.

[00:08:52] **Robbie Wagner:** All right. Yeah. We'll, we'll try that next time.

[00:08:55] **Chuck Carpenter:** , well, I mean, we do have a guest booked, who
is going to send us whiskey. He would like [00:09:00] to

[00:09:00] **Robbie Wagner:** We have a couple because David said he was going
to send

[00:09:02] **Robbie Wagner:** whiskey too,

[00:09:03] **Chuck Carpenter:** who I meant. Who else? Oh, I guess because Clint
is, yeah, yeah, yeah. So, yeah, that's true. We have a couple. This is a good
new business model.

[00:09:11] **Robbie Wagner:** did you rate this?

[00:09:12] **Chuck Carpenter:** I haven't,

[00:09:12] **Robbie Wagner:** I can't remember what

[00:09:13] **Chuck Carpenter:** Thank you for coming

[00:09:14] **Robbie Wagner:** we'll go ahead

[00:09:15] **Chuck Carpenter:** I had something in my mind, and now I'm like,
you went a four? And I, so a four is just, yeah, it's middle of the road. And
I'm trying to think of it in that context. So, middle of the road. Middle of the
road for bourbon. I mean, let's say that's definitely like, What is that?

[00:09:31] **Chuck Carpenter:** What is that for you? What is, what is your
four? you need to have like

[00:09:35] **Chuck Carpenter:** your

[00:09:35] **Robbie Wagner:** Evan Williams.

[00:09:36] **Chuck Carpenter:** Evan Williams. Small batch or Evan Williams in
the white

[00:09:40] **Robbie Wagner:** This is

[00:09:40] **Chuck Carpenter:** White label. Yeah, so white label, Evan
Williams, probably cost 24 bucks, something like that. That's not a bad one. I
was thinking something like Maker's Mark, but that's weeded, so I don't really
want to throw that one on here.

[00:09:51] **Chuck Carpenter:** I think Buffalo Trace is better than this, if
that kind of sends.

[00:09:55] **Robbie Wagner:** But Buffalo trace is very good, so I wouldn't call
it middle of the

[00:09:57] **Chuck Carpenter:** I know, but

[00:09:58] **Robbie Wagner:** especially for it's price.[00:10:00]

[00:10:00] **Chuck Carpenter:** it's twenty, like, twenty six bucks for me. For
a Buffalo Trace. And I would definitely rate that higher than this. So, okay,
yeah, given that I think I kind of agree with you. I think it's a four. It's,
uh, slightly different.

[00:10:14] **Chuck Carpenter:** It could bring an interesting mix to cocktails,
but as a sipper on its own, it's like,

[00:10:19] **Robbie Wagner:** All

[00:10:24] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

[00:10:26] **Robbie Wagner:** So yeah, we, uh, don't have many tech topics
today. , we have tech adjacent

[00:10:32] **Chuck Carpenter:** Mm hmm.

[00:10:34] **Robbie Wagner:** with, uh,

[00:10:37] **Chuck Carpenter:** Big

[00:10:37] **Robbie Wagner:** do tech things

[00:10:38] **Robbie Wagner:** sometimes. Uh,

[00:10:40] **Chuck Carpenter:** Uh, newsflash. Robert Wagner, the eighth Has
changed employers.

[00:10:46] **Robbie Wagner:** Yes, it is a sad day that I am no longer with
Monomena,

[00:10:52] **Robbie Wagner:** and uh,

[00:10:53] **Chuck Carpenter:** you're out.

[00:10:53] **Robbie Wagner:** I will be joining HashiCorp as a staff engineer,
so I'm pretty excited about that. I'm going to [00:11:00] be. Architecting all
of the Ember apps essentially and making sure all of the updates go well and
everyone's on the same page helping everybody do stuff the Ember

[00:11:09] **Chuck Carpenter:** be writing TRDs like it or not, motherfucker.

[00:11:12] **Robbie Wagner:** I don't know what, uh, what that

[00:11:14] **Chuck Carpenter:** Technical Requirement Docs.

[00:11:16] **Robbie Wagner:** well, I'm not sure we'll have to see what the,
well, two things one. So, so they right now mainly just do RFCs and like kind of
implemented from there, but, uh, They also just got acquired by IBM, so there
may be a lot more red tape documenty kind of things happening later.

[00:11:34] **Robbie Wagner:** We'll see.

[00:11:34] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, later, because, you know, those
acquisitions usually take, a while for it to, like, change anything, especially
process and bureaucracy wise, kind of depends on what they do, management and
all of that.

[00:11:48] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah.

[00:11:49] **Chuck Carpenter:** You work for IBM.

[00:11:50] **Robbie Wagner:** Yep.

[00:11:51] **Chuck Carpenter:** Interesting. I didn't know that. And that's not
in Menomina, but it is kind of a big, multi decade computing [00:12:00]
conglomerate.

[00:12:00] **Chuck Carpenter:** I don't know. I think it's kind of cool.

[00:12:02] **Robbie Wagner:** don't really know what IBM has been doing. They've
been acquiring a lot of people, like they acquired Red Hat, and they acquired
HashiCorp, and like, so clearly they have big piles of money to acquire things
that are doing well. so they must have been doing something.

[00:12:15] **Robbie Wagner:** But yeah, I mean, I always think of IBM as like,
you know, I used to see that on like, my computer from 1996. Or whatever, like,
I don't remember, you know,

[00:12:25] **Chuck Carpenter:** DOS? Did you ever use

[00:12:27] **Robbie Wagner:** IBM has been like, doing this thing,

[00:12:29] **Chuck Carpenter:** Did you ever touch DOS?

[00:12:31] **Robbie Wagner:** A little. I forget what for. I feel like in
Windows 95 you sometimes had to boot into DOS to do some stuff. I forget

[00:12:39] **Chuck Carpenter:** uh, I definitely got to use A computer that
booted, I think the Atari computer that we had as a kid that would use your, ,
TV as a monitor was DOS on boot up. And we had those floppy disks that were like
the bigger ones, not the like smaller three and a half inch ones,

[00:12:59] **Chuck Carpenter:** but [00:13:00] Yeah, the 5 inch or floppy. and
those word games were on there. The like. Adventure games that were all text
driven. , that was about my, the extent for me. And I remember it because my
grandfather was actually a programmer for, , Procter Gamble. And when he passed,
we ended up, you know, getting some hodgepodgey random things here and there.

[00:13:19] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh, you have a computer, here's some of his
discs. And he didn't have games, he had some programs. And he had actually some,
like, yellow notepads of, like, Sketching out programming ideas. If only I had
known better or not grown up in a horrible environment full of idiots, but I
would still have that stuff, but I didn't really know what to do with it.

[00:13:39] **Chuck Carpenter:** No one else knew what to do with it. It
obviously just went away at some point. Anyway, that was my DOS experience.

[00:13:45] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, I think it was, it probably was for games.
There were probably like certain games that wouldn't run in Windows. You had to
boot into DOS to like run it or something. did you ever play Heretic?

[00:13:56] **Chuck Carpenter:** don't think so.

[00:13:57] **Robbie Wagner:** that was one of my favorite games and it was on
like three or four [00:14:00] floppies. I remember you'd have to like swap them
out and stuff and

[00:14:03] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah,

[00:14:04] **Robbie Wagner:** kind of funny.

[00:14:05] **Chuck Carpenter:** Zork was probably the most famous one that I

[00:14:08] **Chuck Carpenter:** played. I played Zork, and then there was a
couple of games like that, you know, with the old text based stuff. But, uh,
yeah, it was pretty cool. There was one that, I don't remember what it was
called. But it was one of those kind of games, you know, it was like a murder
mystery thing or something, but what was cool was that in the game box, they
gave you a few like physical elements, like you started out and you had like
this letter and then you were going to use that letter to sort of like
throughout the game, maybe unlock information and here's a, I don't know, a key
or something.

[00:14:38] **Chuck Carpenter:** I don't remember what it was, but I remember
there was a letter distinctly and having physical elements and then be texting,
you know, typing in to do stuff I thought was really cool.

[00:14:46] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. It's like a, uh, escape room kind of like
you've got your things that are clues and you're trying to figure out what they
mean and.

[00:14:53] **Chuck Carpenter:** exactly like that. Anyway, food for thought
there, but uh, congratulations. When is your first day?

[00:14:59] **Robbie Wagner:** Uh, [00:15:00] March 17th, St. Patrick's Day.

[00:15:01] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh, okay, nice. are you Irish, at all?

[00:15:05] **Robbie Wagner:** Um, I think I do have some Irish, but not, not
predominantly Irish. No,

[00:15:09] **Chuck Carpenter:** no. I'm Irish and German, predominantly.

[00:15:13] **Robbie Wagner:** I think I'm mostly English and little German.

[00:15:16] **Chuck Carpenter:** Mm, Those tiny Germans. Anyway,

[00:15:21] **Chuck Carpenter:** let's see here. Oh, okay. I do want to talk
about, this is a, uh, this is a technical thing. Although, I should mention, I
also started a new job, so.

[00:15:30] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. I just looked at the notes and noticed you
added to my bullet point. You or me or both?

[00:15:34] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, yeah, well I just wanted to make sure
that, uh, when you said that, since I also have, and, you know, there's this
time of putting in your notice with your current employer and all of that kind
of shit that, you know, I was clear on what we can talk about.

[00:15:49] **Robbie Wagner:** Yes. Yeah. I put in my notice on Monday, so,

[00:15:52] **Chuck Carpenter:** Cool. Uh, yes, so I've gone the other direction,
Big, well, I guess not totally true, but like I was gonna say, uh, [00:16:00]
Manina wants nothing to do with me and that's okay. , I have joined a startup
and startup's kind of a loose way, but it is a cybersecurity training company. ,
the company's been around for four years.

[00:16:12] **Chuck Carpenter:** , they have worked in the cybersecurity space
the entire time, but more training versus assessment now. And, uh, some kind of
cool things there. So I'll be leading engineering for small team and, uh, we'll
see where that goes. I mean, Just in terms of I'm very excited about the
company. I think there's a lot of opportunity.

[00:16:32] **Robbie Wagner:** Nice. Yeah. When does a company stop being a
startup?

[00:16:35] **Chuck Carpenter:** I don't know They're on would they just raised a
series a I think it's kind of starts. Well Obviously when you go public is one
Obviously when you have been acquired as another I think when you start to hit
series C Raises to a degree and you're profitable then you stop being considered
that or you know You have certain milestones in your revenue

[00:16:59] **Robbie Wagner:** [00:17:00] When you could survive more than like a
month without VC funding.

[00:17:03] **Chuck Carpenter:** Exactly. Well, and that's what appealed to me
about this is non traditional. This is a company that's in the black that uses
revenue for growth instead of like supercharges from BCs. And

[00:17:16] **Robbie Wagner:** It's unheard of. yeah, most of this is about, ,
growing, and doing more R and D. Actually, so it's not even like, Oh, they need
this to keep the doors open.

[00:17:27] **Chuck Carpenter:** Which appeals to me, because, , I'm getting
older, and I can't wait until I'm dead for, uh, you to figure out how to make
money.

[00:17:35] **Robbie Wagner:** Yep.

[00:17:36] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, there's that. Hmm.

[00:17:39] **Robbie Wagner:** I don't want to go down this as a topic, but I
think we, uh, have limited time that we can be programmers and still make money.
So yeah, make money while you can, folks. Get those high paying

[00:17:50] **Chuck Carpenter:** make money, money, make money, money, sunshine.
, that's a camp, if you know, uh, Deep Cut right there, Camp Lowe. Nope,
[00:18:00] you have no idea who that is.

[00:18:01] **Robbie Wagner:** I'm looking at the chat, uh, Cyrus is asking if
John Hammond is part of whatever you're talking about.

[00:18:07] **Chuck Carpenter:** Why can't I see that?

[00:18:09] **Robbie Wagner:** It's on the live stream chat.

[00:18:10] **Chuck Carpenter:** I know, but it's like I'm in the app, , for
Riverside. I'm

[00:18:14] **Chuck Carpenter:** trying

[00:18:15] **Robbie Wagner:** Oh yeah, it doesn't have

[00:18:16] **Chuck Carpenter:** It doesn't? Oh, that sucks.

[00:18:18] **Robbie Wagner:** think so. It also doesn't have the go live button,
so I just can't use it at all.

[00:18:22] **Chuck Carpenter:** Uh, well, I won't use it next time. So, John
Hammond is not a part of that. John Ham or Hammond.

[00:18:29] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, I'm familiar with Jon Hamm. I don't know Jon
Hammond.

[00:18:32] **Chuck Carpenter:** Han and Bubble. I wish Jon Hamm was part of
this, but that would be really cool.

[00:18:37] **Chuck Carpenter:** I loved Mad Men. , no, he is not, since we are
like 12 people. I know them all, and none of them are named Jon. Dear

[00:18:46] **Robbie Wagner:** Alright, well I'm glad we cleared that

[00:18:47] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yes.

[00:18:48] **Chuck Carpenter:** , Starpod. I want to talk about Starpod a little
bit. , Starpod is a, , Robbie Wagner production, and it is an Astro,

[00:18:55] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah, RobbieTheWagner production, and because
you've done all of it, I have done none of it, and that [00:19:00] is fine with
me.

[00:19:00] **Chuck Carpenter:** so tell us a little bit about what's coming.

[00:19:03] **Robbie Wagner:** If you're not using AstroDB and some kind of
SQLite database to power said AstroDB, nothing new is coming for you. but I was
adding, uh, cause we've had a, you know, the occasional sponsor that we want to
put on an episode page or whatever. So I had like relationships for, the person
being a host or a guest, and then being that host or guest record was associated
with episodes.

[00:19:27] **Robbie Wagner:** That way you could have like a single person
record. But multiple guests or whatever. cause like sequel doesn't have a one to
many relationship that I've been able to figure out, like you have to just do
all these, like join everything together and like pretty fucking annoying,
honestly. ,

[00:19:44] **Chuck Carpenter:** Well Tell us how you really feel.

[00:19:48] **Robbie Wagner:** so yeah, so you have to like, I'm doing a similar
thing with sponsors. We've got like a sponsor and then like a sponsor per
episode. And that, uh, populates the sponsors that you, you can have per
episode. So [00:20:00] we have, , one up there for Norland glass, norlandglass.
com. and you know, we'll continue to use it for whoever may be sponsoring at the
time, but then now you can put links on the pages and then, uh, coming after
that, which will be totally irrelevant to anyone, but us, I'm going to put a
whiskey stuff on there.

[00:20:17] **Chuck Carpenter:** Well, I disagree with that on a couple of
levels. I have had a to do item for a while. And one of those is like, go back
through our content and add it. Add to our spreadsheet any whiskeys that are
missing, , because just sometimes, like if, in interest of over a three year
period of not repeating ourselves, sometimes I gotta look and remember.

[00:20:38] **Chuck Carpenter:** , there's also been times where I actually have
wanted to, I'll use the whole Google search where it's like sitewhiskey. fm. And
then I'll look for the whiskey, and it doesn't come up, but it doesn't mean it's
actually not there. And then I've gone to the spreadsheet and then found it. And
so I think having whiskeys, better represented in the site will improve that,
like, search experience.

[00:20:59] **Chuck Carpenter:** Although I do [00:21:00] think we should have
search, that would be cool too.

[00:21:01] **Robbie Wagner:** Yes, search, search has been avoided because I
don't really want to touch that. Okay. So if that's gonna happen, I should do
it. Gotcha.

[00:21:10] **Robbie Wagner:** well, search is in the mocks, like it was planned
for. I just haven't done it. But what I meant by it not mattering to anyone
wasn't that the info wasn't relevant. I meant if another podcast is using
StarPod, they're probably not going to have whiskeys.

[00:21:23] **Robbie Wagner:** So like, it won't matter to the, to the consumer
of StarPod. Like it will matter to people looking at our page. They'll think
that's a cool little thing to see, I'm sure.

[00:21:32] **Chuck Carpenter:** I wonder if you could have it, have it as a more
like abstracted object, like review item or review product or I don't know,
product. Maybe you have a product association and it's more generalized like
that. And then we could have our own custom metafields or something.

[00:21:48] **Robbie Wagner:** Sounds like you're volunteering to architect that
part of StarPod.

[00:21:52] **Chuck Carpenter:** I am a staff principal engineer at star pod dot
dev. And, uh, yeah, it's [00:22:00] amazing.

[00:22:00] **Robbie Wagner:** Sounds legit.

[00:22:02] **Chuck Carpenter:** I'm not saying no. I'm not saying no. Because I
think it is cool and useful. So, we'll see. I am trying to have like, fewer jobs
and responsibilities in life. So, I would love to do more open source work.

[00:22:16] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, speaking of which, I uh, also have been
working on updating Shepard to Svelte 5, which has been,

[00:22:23] **Chuck Carpenter:** Did Rich send you some money? Or anything? Like
No.

[00:22:28] **Robbie Wagner:** No, it's uh, the like, overall principles make
sense to update to, but then you have problems with like, All this janky shit we
were doing where it's like, you know, build it normally, but then also grab all
the like types and like run it through a TypeScript bundle generator that will
generate a single TypeScript declaration file so that if you're using ESM or
CJS, you can import the ones you need.

[00:22:54] **Robbie Wagner:** And like, it all just works. so that stuff is not
working well. [00:23:00] And currently like it won't even run but it does build
so I'm like How does it build and then do nothing and have no errors like I'm
doing something

[00:23:09] **Chuck Carpenter:** right. Weird.

[00:23:10] **Robbie Wagner:** I'm, hopeful that will be done sometime soon
because it'll be cool to Have that up to date and be on the new runes stuff and
get all the the latest stuff I I saw something about like svelte sixes on the
horizon as

[00:23:22] **Chuck Carpenter:** the fuck? We're just trying to catch up, bro.
And then there's Tailwind 4. And then people have been

[00:23:27] **Chuck Carpenter:** saying things about Tailwind 4. There's like,
yeah, there's a lot. I'm not chasing versions though, so.

[00:23:33] **Robbie Wagner:** No. Yeah. So we'll see if that actually gets done
or not, but I tried to do it with AI too. I was like, yo dog, just update this
to spell five for me. It's like, cool. Got you. Did it done? And I was like, um,
yeah, this error, it says there's no CSS file. And it's like, uh, no, it didn't.
I'm like, all right, cool.

[00:23:52] **Chuck Carpenter:** dog, I'm not paying you. , what is your current
AI of choice?

[00:23:58] **Robbie Wagner:** like which LLM do I

[00:23:59] **Chuck Carpenter:** [00:24:00] are just, yeah. What tool set break

[00:24:02] **Chuck Carpenter:** down the

[00:24:02] **Robbie Wagner:** so I'm, I'm doing most things through warps, agent
mode, which, I think we'll run any of them, but I use a Claude 3. 5. I've read a
lot of people on Twitter said 3. 7 is too intense. So I haven't, haven't been
doing

[00:24:15] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Okay. That's fair. Yeah. That's the
default through their web interface. But, uh, I mean, I've tried cursor. I tried
windsurfer recently. what's funny is so with new job, you get new laptop and I
decided to set it up anti me. It's like, what would you use? Oh, I term. Right.
I mean, no, not quite there.

[00:24:36] **Chuck Carpenter:** I have done that on the Linux laptop, actually,
though. Typecraft has some videos with, , Omacube and taking you into the tools
there and NeoVim, a little bit. So I did play with some of those. , and there's
another one too. Anyway, Alacrity, I think. Anyway, doesn't matter. Tangental.

[00:24:53] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yes, but that's not the Mac laptop. So I have a
M4, Mac Pro, MacBook Pro. So I was like, okay, [00:25:00] starting from zero
again. Like I didn't transfer my profile. I just decided like my dot files,
everything's a little antiquated. I'm in my lane. It works for me. I'm going to
anti that. Start fresh, some different stuff.

[00:25:14] **Chuck Carpenter:** did not try Phish though. But anyway,

[00:25:16] **Robbie Wagner:** You gotta do fish.

[00:25:17] **Chuck Carpenter:** going to be very proud though. desktop. I'm
using that, ghosty, so it didn't do warp, but I have tried warp in the past, so
I was like, I haven't tried this. I'm going to do ghosty and then, I added a
cursor there.

[00:25:29] **Chuck Carpenter:** I added windsurfer. So windsurfer is kind of
cool. I kind of like that interface. Some I was looking actually just recently
at Claude code. So that's like your terminal hits the API directly, which is
interesting to, yeah, just like. I'm going to start fresh and try some different
interfaces. Windsurfer, I really, I don't know.

[00:25:49] **Chuck Carpenter:** I did like Windsurfer a lot. I'm not sure if I'm
going to pay for it or not yet.

[00:25:54] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, I've, heard most people like first haven't
really even tried it, [00:26:00] I don't know why it doesn't get a lot of love.
Like cursor gets a ton of love, but,

[00:26:04] **Chuck Carpenter:** Which one is based in San Francisco? I think
that's part of it. I think that there is like,

[00:26:08] **Chuck Carpenter:** off-air I'd call it the Circle Jerk Crew. And
there's a lot, there's like, a group of tools And

[00:26:13] **Chuck Carpenter:** companies and they invest in each other and they
do all this stuff and they also like pump each other as like the stack du jour
and this is how I get so much done if you just follow me you'll be an amazing
engineer and you'll be able to call yourself engineer and do what I say

[00:26:31] **Chuck Carpenter:** And they're a southern gentleman, it sounds
like. I've got here for you some fried chicken and Next.js I I do say The
perfect combo.

[00:26:41] **Chuck Carpenter:** Perfect combo. Mashed potatoes on top, but gotta
have the gravy. And by gravy, I mean Cursor AI. I should do a whole episode as
the colonel. That would be amazing. you know, a secret part of me has Always
kind of wanted to be a voice actor.

[00:26:59] **Chuck Carpenter:** I don't [00:27:00] even know if that like
because I do like different voices and impressions and That just sounds fun. It
probably doesn't make any money. But boy, does it sound fun?

[00:27:11] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. I think it only makes money when you're
already really famous and people want to see what you can do.

[00:27:15] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah, like when Brad Pitt is like, oh I want to
do a cartoon so my kids can watch it like Oh, good for you Brad Pitt, one more
fuckin house. Or, you know, it's like,

[00:27:25] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. Here's 5 million.

[00:27:27] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah. Yeah, thanks for, uh, thanks for 30
minutes of work. See ya later, bitch. Here comes Charles William Carpenter III.
We got him for the next 64 hours.

[00:27:35] **Chuck Carpenter:** He also made 64. Yeah, yeah,

[00:27:41] **Robbie Wagner:** that sounds right.

[00:27:42] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah.

[00:27:42] **CTA:** This just in! Whiskey.fund is now open for all your merch
needs. That's right, Robbie. We're hearing reports of hats, sweaters, and
T-shirts, as well as a link to join our Discord server. What's a Discord server?
Just read the [00:28:00] prompter, man. Hit subscribe. Leave us a review on your
favorite podcast app and tell your friends about our broadcast. It really does
help us reach more people and keeps the show growing. All right, back to your
regularly scheduled programming.

[00:28:15] **Robbie Wagner:** to regress back for just a second,

[00:28:17] **Chuck Carpenter:** hmm.

[00:28:18] **Robbie Wagner:** I think when we convert to Svelte 5 we should also
say we're only going to ship ESM because I'm tired of this bullshit with the ESM

[00:28:26] **Chuck Carpenter:** Right. feature wise, you know, what, what else
feature wise can we do? I mean, we can Add some additional nice to have
customers. I don't, I really think feature wise, we're very mature and backwards
compatibility. And there was a recent argument on Twitter yet again.

[00:28:42] **Chuck Carpenter:** Also, yet again, you Ryan Florence, why are you
always arguing with people, but

[00:28:47] **Robbie Wagner:** Because he has the wrong opinions.

[00:28:50] **Chuck Carpenter:** fair enough. Maybe, maybe not. But,

[00:28:52] **Robbie Wagner:** He's the one that was like, let is so much better
than

[00:28:55] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh, right. Yeah. ember folk also think that. So
I don't [00:29:00] know. Yeah, anyway, so open source arguments about backwards
compatibility, and let's be honest too, we, we're not a web framework, like, I
actually, I agree with you, let me just go ahead and cut to the chase here, I
agree with you, I think that at a certain point, we are not required to release
future versions that are compatible in perpetuity with, IE7, like, I don't give
a fuck, to a point, A web standards movement actually would be better served by
things only being accessible to the future state. And that's what major versions
are for. just don't upgrade. Like, version pin. Does your shit work? Just
version pin then.

[00:29:39] **Robbie Wagner:** I think the big problem and why people need all
these different formats and whatever is like, people are using different
frameworks with different typescript configs and different module formats and
they put it on like, module, I forget what it's called, but the one where it's
like node and node actually means node 16, like a super end of life

[00:29:59] **Chuck Carpenter:** wow.

[00:29:59] **Robbie Wagner:** [00:30:00] node. Or maybe even older and maybe
there's a node 16. That's a little newer I might be right like it's the oldest
fuck node and then people are like it doesn't work with this and i'm like I
don't want it to work with that. Like I want it to be like It should probably
Kind of behave with like node 20, node 22, whatever, like newer ones.

[00:30:20] **Robbie Wagner:** But it, I don't think it should behave with the
other ones and then in the perfect world It should only work with bundler
because bundler is like your front end. I'm running it through Vite or whatever
and like we can't run server side anyway, it doesn't work server side. It's not
supposed to.

[00:30:35] **Robbie Wagner:** It needs a lot of Windows stuff so like We should
probably just support the like bleeding edge browser ESM.

[00:30:42] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, I think LTS is, , 18 right now, so. I
mean, I don't think,

[00:30:47] **Chuck Carpenter:** I Well, I think 20 is end of life soon too.

[00:30:50] **Chuck Carpenter:** Right, it goes to maintenance mode, so it's not
end of life per se. Like, 18 is a end of maintenance, so yeah, [00:31:00] right,
exactly. So in that sense, 18 is end of maintenance, I don't know, I can't tell
if this is mid April or May, but give or take this year.

[00:31:08] **Chuck Carpenter:** 20 will go into April of 2026, 22 is in active
development, you know. So, anyway, all of that is to say is 16. If that, I
didn't realize that meant 16. And yeah, to my, and if you're on those things,
then you should understand how to more actively manage your dependencies. You
should be. pinning to specific versions, and then you get to the last
maintenance release of a patch, and you're done.

[00:31:40] **Chuck Carpenter:** Right? Like, don't do anything else.

[00:31:42] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, I updated Angular Shepard to like all the
latest Shepard stuff. And it broke everybody's types because they were using
node. Like, I think that's the default. When you spin up an Angular project, it
uses the old node one. Either that's the default or it used to be the default
and no one's changed it since they've been building their projects, [00:32:00]
but everyone was like, Hey, the types don't work.

[00:32:02] **Robbie Wagner:** And I was like, can you just change that to
bundler? And one guy was like, yep, did it works? And I was like, all right,
cool. And then other guys like, oh, I got to keep it on nodes. It doesn't work.
And I'm like, I just don't want to spend the time debugging your legacy shit.

[00:32:13] **Chuck Carpenter:** I think that Wrappers. I have diminishing
returns. So we retired the react

[00:32:20] **Robbie Wagner:** I don't know, 50 cents making pretty good money.

[00:32:23] **Chuck Carpenter:** With a w rapper with a w and is he because he's
had his ups and downs these days, but you

[00:32:28] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah,

[00:32:29] **Robbie Wagner:** it was just for the purpose of the

[00:32:30] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh, but um I mean, he's one that you can still
talk about and touch without I think without issue to the most part,

[00:32:40] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah.

[00:32:40] **Chuck Carpenter:** you don't have to love him as a human, but uh,
he didn't diddle any kids, so He didn't diddy any kids.

[00:32:46] **Chuck Carpenter:** How about that?

[00:32:48] **Chuck Carpenter:** And he's not wearing Nazi symbols. Although,
that's now being spun as performance art. I don't know. Whatever.

[00:32:54] **Chuck Carpenter:** Here's a question. So Wu Tang is doing like
their third final tour. there's a part of me that is like, [00:33:00] Wow,
that'd be amazing. I've seen them once, but it's been a while.

[00:33:02] **Chuck Carpenter:** Like 20 years from the last time or something.
maybe longer. amazing, 20 years ago, but it's all, like, relative in that sense.
It's like, don't want to see a bunch of 50 year olds bounce around. I don't
know, I have seen

[00:33:12] **Chuck Carpenter:** Method Man rap recently, and he is still, like,
probably better than half of what you hear today.

[00:33:18] **Chuck Carpenter:** Like, Flo. Nobody has Flo anymore.

[00:33:20] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, no cuz it's all electronic but yeah like I
Think it depends. Also, depending on the price because like they're not in their
prime. It would probably be fun to watch but it's not gonna be

[00:33:33] **Robbie Wagner:** Super great

[00:33:34] **Chuck Carpenter:** You know what they are still, though?

[00:33:35] **Robbie Wagner:** What?

[00:33:36] **Chuck Carpenter:** Ain't nothin to fuck with.

[00:33:37] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah.

[00:33:40] **Chuck Carpenter:** That's probably still true. But uh,

[00:33:41] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah,

[00:33:42] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah, it's, it just, there's something about,
being a rapper and trying to be like, I'm so, hood and gangsta, and like, you're
like 65 years old or whatever, and it's like, I don't believe that narrative
anymore. Like

[00:33:55] **Chuck Carpenter:** right. Like anyonee who gets rich improves their
quality of life and in [00:34:00] turn, that affects them in some ways. I mean,
I guess that is another thing about like, I think a struggle and like things
like that. Influence art in certain ways, and I think that's why so many bands
or groups or artists will kind of flop on their sophomore effort because once
they get a little taste and get out of like Poverty or whatever is, you know, if
they solve the problem that kind of influenced the art and that's all they had
to give, then that's the end of it, right?

[00:34:31] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, it's not real anymore. Yeah, it's not real
and then you're manufactured or you know, it's like So then skill comes into
place because I think that's the the Eminem Marshall Mathers story is that once
he wasn't an addict and he wasn't poor and he wasn't like all of those things
kind of went away But then he had rap battles to deal with still in his life and
then oh he was he's so skilled like he's still Probably one of the [00:35:00]
best freestyle rappers you can't fuck with that.

[00:35:04] **Chuck Carpenter:** So he can still, like, kind of do good,
entertaining things, but it's not about, like, how mom's spaghetti does jack
shit.

[00:35:10] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. I mean, I think it's interesting. , Ice Cube
and Ice T and like the stuff they've been acting in, like, you know, Ice Cube's
got like his like kids movies and then, uh, Ice T is like on Law Order SVU for
the

[00:35:23] **Chuck Carpenter:** I love that for him, though. Yeah.

[00:35:25] **Robbie Wagner:** but it's like, you know, they're all like, yeah,
I'm, I'm a cop killer. I'm here to be the cop.

[00:35:30] **Robbie Wagner:** Uh,

[00:35:30] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, now I'm thinking, that's true, like he had
a metal band, cop killer and all that stuff. Well, Ice T's things though, his
stuff was based on, a book by Iceberg Slim. Like, that whole pimp stuff, and
like, gangster hustler shit. he was there and saw some of that, but a big part
of that character was this book he read.

[00:35:51] **Chuck Carpenter:** because he was actually in one of those breaking
breakdancer movies also. So early Ice Cube, or Ice T, was [00:36:00] not

[00:36:00] **Chuck Carpenter:** hard like that. I don't think he, but he was in
the scene. You know, he was like rapid, like early rap was lighthearted and fun.
It was a way to sort of be like, yeah, this kind of sucks, but here we are.

[00:36:11] **Chuck Carpenter:** We're dancing, we're doing these, and we have
great beats and all of that. So, Anyway, yeah, most of it is a facade and acting
and playing a part. Jay Z said that's, I mean he did sell crack rock in his
palm. And that's what started his record label, so good for you, but, yeah,
there's always like kind of a line there.

[00:36:32] **Chuck Carpenter:** I mean, 50 Cent, you're a hero. He was shot. He
was kind of a banger. Yeah, so that's fucking real. How do you get shot nine
times? You sell records out of the back of your car, and then you date that
Chelsea Handler. That's interesting. Like, I think they're both interesting
people. Like, you know, they connected.

[00:36:53] **Chuck Carpenter:** They're artists, I guess? I don't know. never
would have, you never would have put that on your bingo card. Yeah, he
[00:37:00] invested in vitamin water. He was like, what's this bullshit? I don't
know, give me my

[00:37:03] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. He lost a hundred pounds to play a cancer
patient in a movie, which I never saw.

[00:37:09] **Chuck Carpenter:** I didn't see it either, but I remember reading
that. Yeah.

[00:37:12] **Robbie Wagner:** what a waste. Please give me your a hundred pounds
of muscle. I would take it.

[00:37:15] **Chuck Carpenter:** Well, Christian Bale did that with The
Machinist. Did you ever see that? Cause that is worth watching. He got, like,
anorexic, like, crazy skinny. And did that, like, nothing underground movie. And
then he had to put a hundred and plus pounds of muscle on to play Batman.

[00:37:36] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah,

[00:37:36] **Robbie Wagner:** I

[00:37:44] **Chuck Carpenter:** So he could get so thin for the machinist. You
should watch that movie. It is insane.

[00:37:49] **Robbie Wagner:** mean, that's a dedication to your craft.

[00:37:52] **Chuck Carpenter:** I respect that.

[00:37:53] **Chuck Carpenter:** No, I mean, heh, heh, Turns out to build a
website, you can eat all you want. They don't give a

[00:37:59] **Chuck Carpenter:** [00:38:00] shit. Eat

[00:38:00] **Robbie Wagner:** I Eat exclusively taco bell and it works out
great.

[00:38:03] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah. I do have a plan to have this, um, sort of
Pepsi challenge with my son. We have had Taco Bell. I mean, I think their
supreme crunchy tacos are like, That to me is like the baseline.

[00:38:16] **Chuck Carpenter:** It's like, it's good. This is what I'm here for.
I like it. I don't want your weird, gordita, wrappy, like, whatever bullshit.

[00:38:23] **Robbie Wagner:** they have a new thing that you need to try. They
are, you know, the Crunchwrap, right?

[00:38:28] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, only because I've seen people, post
cooking videos about how to make your own.

[00:38:34] **Robbie Wagner:** Well, they have Crunchwrap sliders, like mini
ones.

[00:38:37] **Robbie Wagner:** And they come with, queso and you dip them in

[00:38:39] **Robbie Wagner:** it and it is

[00:38:40] **Chuck Carpenter:** does sound

[00:38:41] **Robbie Wagner:** fire. Yeah.

[00:38:47] **Chuck Carpenter:** like, American fast food crunchy tacos. And for
us here, you've got. Taco Bell Del Taco, [00:39:00] and they're not that far
from each other so I can like go get

[00:39:03] **Robbie Wagner:** I think if you're getting a standard taco. I don't
think it's going to be hard to be Taco Bell.

[00:39:10] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah have you had Del Taco?

[00:39:13] **Robbie Wagner:** I think,

[00:39:14] **Chuck Carpenter:** doesn't stand out for you

[00:39:16] **Chuck Carpenter:** We also have Jack in the Box We also have Jack
in the Box tacos which for some

[00:39:20] **Chuck Carpenter:** stupid reason people like they I think they are
I did let my son try them because he was like I want to try that and I don't
know I was like sure Be underwhelmed.

[00:39:30] **Chuck Carpenter:** And he was like, these are great. And I was
like, well, we really set the bar low, I guess. Because they're so bad that
they're like, kinda crunchy, but also kinda soggy. Cause they just like, put
meat with grease in there. And it's a slice of American cheese. It's not even
shredded cheese. They don't

[00:39:44] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, Burger King also has tacos for what it's
worth.

[00:39:49] **Chuck Carpenter:** don't do that.

[00:39:49] **Robbie Wagner:** I just saw them on the menu one time and went,
what, why? Okay,

[00:39:58] **Chuck Carpenter:** I'm reminded of when [00:40:00] Mercedes
released a minivan. And I was like I know why they did it because that's when
they did the Daimler Chrysler thing, but I was like, it was a Mercedes Chrysler
minivan. I was like, just don't, no, that's not your thing.

[00:40:13] **Robbie Wagner:** I also was very upset with Taco Bell for the nacho
fries. Cause they kept hyping it up about like, we got these nacho fries and we
made all these commercials with all these famous actors and nacho fries are such
a big deal. I'm like, guys, fries are a burger joint thing. You're not supposed
to have fries.

[00:40:29] **Robbie Wagner:** And I tried them one time and I was like, man,
this is dumb. These are just fries. I don't want to get fries here. Now fast
forward a couple of years when they came back.

[00:40:37] **Robbie Wagner:** And Finn really likes them. And I was like, I'll
try them. And I was like, actually these are pretty fire. Like whatever,
seasoning they put on it is like crack.

[00:40:46] **Robbie Wagner:** It's like, so good.

[00:40:48] **Chuck Carpenter:** Okay, I just want to make sure they're not like,
O'rida, crinkle cut, like, bullshit.

[00:40:54] **Robbie Wagner:** No, they're not crinkle cut. I think they're like
everyone's fries mostly are. Where they like, [00:41:00] puree the potato and
form it back into fries.

[00:41:04] **Chuck Carpenter:** okay.

[00:41:05] **Robbie Wagner:** that's what most fast food does.

[00:41:07] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah, it's a mashed potato in, in a crunchy kind
of thing. Okay. Well, I mean, maybe that's what I say about that. Maybe. I mean,
I don't know what I'm going to see you next, but I will commit to if it's in
person, I'll try some nacho

[00:41:23] **Robbie Wagner:** Well, they're gone now they're gone they'll come
they'll come back they're like the McRib they come

[00:41:27] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Oof. Yeah, but every time the McRib comes,
I think about it, and then I say, no. I'm like, I'm not 22 anymore, and I don't
want to.

[00:41:40] **Robbie Wagner:** I remember them being a thing and I was always
just like I'd rather have like a quarter pounder. I

[00:41:44] **Chuck Carpenter:** Okay. You know what I akin this to is that
Applebee's also seasonally does unlimited riblets. Which, like, what are
riblets? I don't know. They're ribs. They're smaller. they used to be fine, but
when they would do the unlimited, [00:42:00] with friends, I would be like, I
haven't eaten today. And then we would just try to crush three, four baskets of
riblets.

[00:42:06] **Robbie Wagner:** I liked the uh, TGI Friday's Unlimited Apps. I
would go just get plates and plates of wings and just

[00:42:13] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:42:14] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, exactly. But if you did that today, I
think you'd be disappointed. Well, first of all, because you can't go to a
Friday's. I don't think they exist at all anymore,

[00:42:26] **Chuck Carpenter:** right?

[00:42:26] **Robbie Wagner:** be true. Are they out of business? I went to one
probably, um, five years

[00:42:32] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh, there there is a website. So I'm going to
tell you live right now. Then we're going to talk

[00:42:38] **Chuck Carpenter:** about something

[00:42:38] **Robbie Wagner:** is an interesting, Interesting point because I've
been, Friday's was on, the food that built America. Have you watched that at
all?

[00:42:46] **Chuck Carpenter:** , well, yeah, yeah, I've seen some.

[00:42:49] **Robbie Wagner:** all these things like are killing it to the point
where like someone comes in an investor and is like, we should franchise this.
Then they franchise it and everything [00:43:00] blows.

[00:43:00] **Robbie Wagner:** Why can't we franchise something? Well, like I
guess Chipotle is. Pretty good like but are they franchised or are they all

[00:43:08] **Chuck Carpenter:** Well, they're they're definitely franchised, I
think. Um, well, I don't know, but I know that they have had about a lot of
blowback in the last year or so about quality.

[00:43:17] **Chuck Carpenter:** And so all of these things, when they grow and
they get investment, tend to have, quality dings.

[00:43:25] **Chuck Carpenter:** and that's, that's probably a subject for
another day, but like.

[00:43:29] **Chuck Carpenter:** It's not limited to restaurants, by the way. So
VCs, private equity, have gotten involved in so many things. They're not just
buying houses, trying to rent them. They're also buying services for these
houses. So, like, they will buy, you know, major plumbing groups and stuff in,
in the area. And then that's all of a sudden how you get plumbers trying to, ,
pitch you a subscription model.

[00:43:53] **Chuck Carpenter:** So you get prioritized, uh, appointments and
stuff.

[00:43:56] **Chuck Carpenter:** And Yeah, my water company that does our well
stuff, they [00:44:00] just came here the other day and they said they were just
bought by some big firm. So they like, their prices went up like 10 percent
because, just because they're owned by someone. Like, this is bullshit.

[00:44:09] **Chuck Carpenter:** it is bullshit. So, yeah, I mean, mom and pops
are like, prime to do well in communities, I think. Like, if you don't, if you
set up a service, and you are not owned by a big corporation, I think you're
prime to do well.

[00:44:25] **Robbie Wagner:** I think this is a thing people, So if you are
starting to realize, if you're like a company like that and you want to retire
or you want some money and you want to do something else, you can sell it to
another, like you can sell it to us

[00:44:38] **Robbie Wagner:** and like we can run it as still a mom and pop kind
of shop.

[00:44:42] **Robbie Wagner:** You can get your payout still and it doesn't have
to be owned by a big corporation.

[00:44:47] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. don't take the big cash. Think about,
like, Your employees in the next decade, multiple decades and everything else.

[00:44:56] **Robbie Wagner:** And just keep some equity. Like if you want to.
You might not get as big of [00:45:00] an initial payout, but if you still own
40 percent or something and like they run it well for 10 years, you've got tons
of money.

[00:45:07] **Robbie Wagner:** So I don't know.

[00:45:08] **Chuck Carpenter:** What service business would you like? Cause I
think I would be into being a like, electrician or something like that.

[00:45:15] **Chuck Carpenter:** I

[00:45:15] **Robbie Wagner:** I love basic electrician work, like putting in new
switches and plugs and light fixtures. I think it would be tedious to run a wire
from like one end of the house to another

[00:45:29] **Robbie Wagner:** without ripping the walls down. Like, I, I don't
like that where you're fishing a thing through like all day long.

[00:45:35] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, well, I've been lucky enough as a
teenager. well, it was a complicated relationship. So it was like, supposed to
be a stepdad at a point. Didn't go to fruition, but anyway. Blah blah blah, he
was an electrician, and he was running wiring at, , a holiday inn that was being
built. And myself and my stepbrother.

[00:45:55] **Chuck Carpenter:** Went out there to help him, , and, yeah, I mean,
like, we, [00:46:00] he just told us what to do, and we ran the wires, and did
all the stuff, and I was like, yeah, this

[00:46:03] **Robbie Wagner:** Well, new construction is extremely fun because
nothing is in your way. I did that, like we did like a church mission trip thing
and wired a whole house.

[00:46:12] **Robbie Wagner:** Cuz, and it's like, it's empty, so you just run it
along the studs and like staple it where you need to, run it through holes,
like,

[00:46:19] **Chuck Carpenter:** Create your holes, do all that stuff,

[00:46:21] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah.

[00:46:22] **Robbie Wagner:** But when it, when the walls exist,

[00:46:24] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, Yeah, it's a it's a, lot harder, like,
fishing stuff and stuff. Yeah, because I've, like, looked a little bit into,
like, Oh, if you wanted to run Cat6 through your whole house or whatever, What
does that look like? Well, it looks like a pain in the ass you pay

[00:46:36] **Robbie Wagner:** Mm hmm. I have my electrician do it.

[00:46:39] **Robbie Wagner:** He has all these like sticks that he feeds through
with everything. And he'll like you, you try to get it to like one, , can light
to where you can see it and then you can pull it through more and then you do
the next, like you're finding a, B, C, all the points you go to.

[00:46:53] **Robbie Wagner:** But yeah, it's, I need quick wins. Like if I can
do like this outlet will be replaced and [00:47:00] it will work within, you
know, five minutes. that's what I want.

[00:47:03] **Chuck Carpenter:** I do think there's some opportunity there and I
do think that private equity has invaded every single source of our life.
They're like, how do we maximize profit everywhere, maximize, maximize,
maximize. Capitalism has taken a weird turn, like capitalism at its heart, I
don't think there's a problem with that, but like maximizing shareholder value.

[00:47:29] **Chuck Carpenter:** In every facet of my life, doesn't serve me or
my community to its best extent, and that is the fucking problem.

[00:47:36] **Robbie Wagner:** as all these big corporations own everything, and
as all of us get replaced by A. I. I just don't understand what's going to
happen. let's say, uh, I don't know, you know, you've got, I don't know how many
single family homes you might have in America. Let's say 200 million, whatever.
If a hundred million of those the mortgage can't be paid because everyone's been
replaced by AI. All right. I'm a rich [00:48:00] billionaire. Why would I want
to own these homes? Right? Because like they can't pay me. So what happens to
the homes like what's the point at this point the bank owns them all and then no
one can buy Them because no one makes any money

[00:48:09] **Chuck Carpenter:** That's the argument for UBI. That's the argument

[00:48:12] **Robbie Wagner:** but but ubi will not pay for Upper middle class
mortgages, it'll pay for like, you know your rent for

[00:48:19] **Chuck Carpenter:** That assumes

[00:48:20] **Chuck Carpenter:** a class system, and so that gets diminished.
because there's two things I want to talk about before we end. Number one thing.
So post apocalyptic society, right? Because that's the alternative. If you don't
have UBI and you equalize things between the ultra rich and your society because
there's no middle.

[00:48:41] **Chuck Carpenter:** So you're elevating the lower, and you're
equalizing the middle, I think.

[00:48:47] **Chuck Carpenter:** silo. it's an intent to that, and it didn't go
well. So, these are the silos. These are the experiments. So

[00:48:56] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. I mean, have you read the books? Do you know
anything past season [00:49:00] two?

[00:49:00] **Chuck Carpenter:** I didn't read the books. I watched season one
and two. And then, so here's, here's the backstory there.

[00:49:06] **Robbie Wagner:** Oh, well, if you know things past season two,
don't tell me because I I'm not going to no spoilers here. It's just this in
that we watched season one and two. We both were like, Oh, we love it. We're
inspired. my wife, she goes and gets The third book. And I said, wait a minute.
Why are you jumping ahead? And she's like, well, I've already seen the first two
seasons.

[00:49:29] **Chuck Carpenter:** I've already basically read the first two books
I'm gonna go and do this and I said that's bullshit because the books always
give you more context Like why wouldn't you want that? You're like, you like it.
You're you're getting more content about it Read the first two and she said nah,
and I think you should read it

[00:49:50] **Robbie Wagner:** and I think I like doing it that way would ruin
the third season of the show for me Like I wouldn't want to watch it after that
because it's going to be different

[00:49:59] **Robbie Wagner:** [00:50:00] and it's like

[00:50:01] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah,

[00:50:01] **Robbie Wagner:** but like I have you know a bunch of theories
around how they all got there and stuff and I don't know if we want to Discuss
them necessarily.

[00:50:09] **Robbie Wagner:** But yeah, I I agree with you that that it could be
that could be a real thing of like the ultra wealthy have some sort of
experiment with all the rest of us

[00:50:18] **Chuck Carpenter:** isn't that, fallout also like similar thing
where,

[00:50:23] **Robbie Wagner:** No fallout wasn't intentional it was just like the
whole world Blew up and was irradiated.

[00:50:28] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah, but the rich people had

[00:50:32] **Robbie Wagner:** Well, that's true, I guess

[00:50:33] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, they could, you know, they were just

[00:50:35] **Chuck Carpenter:** able to, They could buy into this. So instead of
built, like what happens right now is the billionaires can have their own
fallout shelters. And instead it was more like you can buy your way into this as
an option. And then it happened.

[00:50:51] **Chuck Carpenter:** And so they, you know, went into it. So.

[00:50:54] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, that's true. Yeah. I mean a lot of that
stuff could uh, very possibly happen. So[00:51:00]

[00:51:00] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, World War III.

[00:51:02] **Chuck Carpenter:** , on a lighter note, You've been to Miami. Would
you recommend other people go to Miami?

[00:51:09] **Robbie Wagner:** yes, I've been to Miami twice. I don't really know
a ton about Miami, honestly, other than there is a really good react conference
there.

[00:51:17] **Chuck Carpenter:** Where can folks find you during that conference?

[00:51:21] **Robbie Wagner:** where can they find me

[00:51:22] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, not there,

[00:51:23] **Robbie Wagner:** if you, if you, if you would like to go. You can
find Charles William Carpenter, the third alongside Aaron, middle name Francis,
they will be hosting rum

[00:51:35] **Chuck Carpenter:** Wait, is that his middle name?

[00:51:37] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh, you mean insert middle name. I see.

[00:51:40] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, I just, I'm

[00:51:43] **Chuck Carpenter:** or something. You gotta go like this. Uh, Aaron.
Francis.

[00:51:48] **Robbie Wagner:** I'm going to say Joseph Aaron, Joseph Francis.

[00:51:50] **Chuck Carpenter:** that seems good. He's not Mormon, though. So, I
don't know.

[00:51:55] **Robbie Wagner:** I don't know. It just popped in my head. This just
felt right. It's probably not at all.

[00:51:59] **Chuck Carpenter:** [00:52:00] Yeah,

[00:52:00] **Chuck Carpenter:** We'll find out. We'll learn. That'll be one of
my questions for him. And I think we'll find out.

[00:52:06] **Robbie Wagner:** but it should be a fun time. We haven't booked
guests yet. I'm going to mandate that you do somewhere between two to five
episodes, depending on how the setup is, what the timing is, whatever. So more
than one for sure.

[00:52:18] **Robbie Wagner:** So, you know, hang out. The timing will be
probably posted somewhere if you're there and you want to see it. React Miami in
general is essentially the tech Twitter conference is what I would call it. Like
everyone you argue with will be there. Most of them don't use React and actually
kind of hate React, but they'll still be there.

[00:52:36] **Chuck Carpenter:** I mean, if you think about it, so the hosts are
Madison, Kana and Ken Wheeler

[00:52:41] **Chuck Carpenter:** and, uh,

[00:52:42] **Robbie Wagner:** React?

[00:52:43] **Chuck Carpenter:** Do they, like, are they pro React? I don't know.

[00:52:47] **Robbie Wagner:** I don't think they're necessarily React
evangelists, but they use React in their job.

[00:52:53] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah, for sure. I think those are very, Like, if
I was gonna bookend a conference and think about, [00:53:00] You know, people on
different ends of the, like, chill spectrum, The chill spectrum, I'm gonna call
it the chill spectrum. Yeah, that one makes sense to me.

[00:53:11] **Robbie Wagner:** If you play your cards, right? Dax will not invite
you to his party. So you have that to look forward

[00:53:15] **Chuck Carpenter:** Everyone's invited unless you are an asshole or
you mess it up. Yeah, that's true. And that's kind of how it is. How come you've
never been invited?

[00:53:23] **Robbie Wagner:** I don't know. I mean, it's probably the same
reason I was never promoted at Amazon. I'm just an asshole.

[00:53:28] **Chuck Carpenter:** thing. Well, what he said to me was like, I
invited you. I just kind of thought that was, you know, plus one. And then when
you're like, I can't make it. He's like, that's why I never invited

[00:53:39] **Chuck Carpenter:** him.

[00:53:40] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, I know. I think it's a, uh, it's an open
invite to most

[00:53:43] **Chuck Carpenter:** It is. Yeah,

[00:53:44] **Robbie Wagner:** like, yeah, like there were like easily like 50
people there last time.

[00:53:50] **Chuck Carpenter:** I think it's gonna be more.

[00:53:52] **Chuck Carpenter:** I

[00:53:52] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. Cause cause now it's, it's a known thing. So
the people that missed out are like, I'm coming.

[00:53:58] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, [00:54:00] exactly. Yeah, which means I'm
probably just gonna stay in the hotel and play games. I don't need to be there.
Yeah, I'm gonna skip

[00:54:08] **Chuck Carpenter:** it.

[00:54:08] **Robbie Wagner:** Well, just send Aaron. I do think you guys should
play a fun game of like, Aaron should just be me. Just be like, Hey, I'm, I'm
RobbieTheWagner.

[00:54:17] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, hi, this is RobbieTheWagner. I am Wagner
ing right now.

[00:54:23] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, I am from Virginia,

[00:54:25] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Or no. Is he from Texas or just lives in

[00:54:29] **Chuck Carpenter:** Texas? See, there's so many things to be
learned.

[00:54:33] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. Well, I think we're probably about to add
time.

[00:54:37] **Chuck Carpenter:** I think we've covered the bases. uh, time zones
are gonna change for everyone else but me this weekend. And I am bitter about
that because you're not a fucking farmer. What's your problem? Just stay

[00:54:51] **Robbie Wagner:** that means that we're further apart in time again,

[00:54:54] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, yep, that's why it annoys me. [00:55:00]
Andiamo.

[00:55:01] **Robbie Wagner:** All right. Anything you want to plug?

[00:55:03] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, anagramsecurity. com. If you are an idiot
and don't know how to protect yourself, there are courses here you should ask
your company for. This is not a sponsored post, by the

[00:55:19] **Chuck Carpenter:** way. So anyway, that's where I work and and

[00:55:23] **Robbie Wagner:** Chuck used to work there until that,

[00:55:25] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, I got fired right now. If you all are
wondering why I'm looking for another job, that's why. so folks know that I love
Darknet Diaries. I have been very interested in privacy, security, all these
things and like, personal security. And the more time we spend online, sharing
our information and like, saying Oh yeah, look what I get for free. If it's
free, you are the product. Like, so, this is an opportunity that like, helps me
go deeper into that and learn. [00:56:00] And if you want to

[00:56:00] **Robbie Wagner:** you guys should sponsor Darknet Diaries. Cause
they have a bunch of sponsors that are,

[00:56:06] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:56:07] **Robbie Wagner:** you know, in the security space.

[00:56:08] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, fair enough. That's a, you just tossed the
gauntlet down. I mean, I don't control that, but I can say that.

[00:56:17] **Robbie Wagner:** Hey, we'll, we'll send Jack some more whiskey and,
uh,

[00:56:20] **Chuck Carpenter:** He doesn't want it. He's not a big

[00:56:21] **Chuck Carpenter:** drinker. He said to

[00:56:24] **Robbie Wagner:** send him that flower drink that he drinks in, uh,

[00:56:27] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yes, in Vegas. I've, Vegas, actually.

[00:56:31] **Robbie Wagner:** I thought it was in some other country that

[00:56:33] **Chuck Carpenter:** I'm actually going to try and find that. , at
the end of this month, I'm going to Vegas to see Dedenko at the Sphere.

[00:56:39] **Chuck Carpenter:** Mostly because I just want to check out the
Sphere. Dead and Co. is fronted by John Mayer, which I think is an incredible
musician, so like, doing Grateful Dead songs, him, like, that seems like a cool
vibe. I don't know.

[00:56:55] **Robbie Wagner:** you get

[00:56:55] **Chuck Carpenter:** So,

[00:56:56] **Robbie Wagner:** his amps?

[00:56:57] **Chuck Carpenter:** amps.

[00:56:58] **Robbie Wagner:** Amps. [00:57:00] That you plug the guitar into?

[00:57:01] **Chuck Carpenter:** no, I know what they are, I don't really know
what that fucking reference is about,

[00:57:04] **Robbie Wagner:** Well I'm just, you have to, I know his amps. You
have to apply to get. Like you can't, like you and I can't buy them. What is
happening?

[00:57:15] **Chuck Carpenter:** It's a bunch of shit that you can't fucking do.
Ha

[00:57:17] **Outro:** You've been watching Whiskey Web and Whatnot. Recorded in
front of a live studio audience. What the fuck are you talking about, Chuck?
Enjoyed the show? Subscribe. You know, people don't pay attention to these,
right? Head to whiskey.fund for merchant to join our Discord server. I'm
serious, it's like 2% of people who actually click these links. And don't forget
to leave us a five star review and tell your friends about the show. All right,
dude, I'm outta here. Still got it.
