[00:00] - **Intro**: Welcome to Syntax. Welcome to a brand new episode of the
Front End Happy Hour podcast. Welcome to this week's JS Party. Live from Ship
Shape Studios, this is Whiskey Web and Whatnot. With your hosts, Robbie the
Wagner, and me, Charles William Carpenter III. That's right Charles. We drink
whiskey and talk about web development. I mean, it's all in the name. It's not
that deep. This is Whiskey Web and Whatnot. Do not adjust your set.

[00:36] - **Robbie Wagner**: Hey, what's up everybody, it's your host with the
most. Robbie Milkstains Wagner and Chuck Needs a Visa Carpenter.

[00:45] - **Chuck Carpenter**: I'd rather be that than Milkstains. I don't know
how you got to that.

[00:47] - **Robbie Wagner**: You can see them right here. See how high def I am.

[00:49] - **Chuck Carpenter**: Yeah.

[00:50] - **Robbie Wagner**: Were you having milk steak for dinner? No, I was
burping babies all the time. Do you get that reference All over me? Milk steak
no.

[00:59] - **Chuck Carpenter**: Oh, that's a. It's always sunny thing. You should
look it up. Just even I don't even think I make milks like steaks with milk.
Charlie talks about going out for a fancy dinner of milk steak and then he leans
in when he gets called out on it. It's really worth it. I've needed a lot more
slapstick humor in my life lately. So, uh, you know what else I need? Whiskey,
whiskey, sweetens and whiskey. All right, showing the bottle, let's see if you
can make it work. Suck with cameras. Perfect, that's the Sweetens Cove,
tennessee. It is called that because it is a blend of Kentucky and Tennessee
whiskeys. It is 110.7 proof. It is not age stated, so no idea on those blends,
but they blend them first and then they finish them with sugar, maple wood
staves or something of that nature I don't have. I don't have mine with me
because also sponsored by age and ore. Uh, their travel kit is my jam, yeah now
in olive and, uh, I don't know.

[02:02] - **Robbie Wagner**: they have a bunch of colors they emailed me about.
Oh, cool Is that?

[02:06] - **Chuck Carpenter**: for like this little kit thing or for like the
big bag.

[02:09] - **Robbie Wagner**: I think it's for the bottle tote.

[02:10] - **Chuck Carpenter**: Yeah, I've got a bottle tote. Yeah, I paid for
everything from theirs and I have enjoyed it. I have the travel decanter set
too. It's like a little camping-like thing. But anyway, bleedy, bloody, I'm
going to do a little pouring a lot of pouring.

02:27 I'm going to do a lot of pouring because I have a lot of whiskey here. I
filled it up in case you want to see. This is how it goes. This is how I go home
to my family, how they tolerate me after. It's hard to say, but you know, it's
just another day. Another day. Give her a sniff, Give it a sniff. I respect its
privacy.

[02:46] - **Robbie Wagner**: Yeah, it hasn't told us its pronouns yet.

[02:49] - **Chuck Carpenter**: Well, there's definitely a lot of brown sugar on
the nose. Maybe a light floral.

[02:53] - **Robbie Wagner**: I don't know. Yeah, I'm getting the sugar.

[02:56] - **Chuck Carpenter**: Yeah.

[02:57] - **Robbie Wagner**: Sugar sugar, Do, do, do, do, do.

[03:00] - **Chuck Carpenter**: I don't know.

[03:00] - **Robbie Wagner**: It's just, it smells very just like sugary
bourbon-y Not getting a lot of notes out of it and let's see what the taste
does.

[03:10] - **Chuck Carpenter**: Whoa, it's like a big red gum punch to the face
at the beginning. That's not a good sign. Oh man, been drinking too much milk,
eating milk steak.

[03:23] - **Robbie Wagner**: No, oh, I don't know it. Just it had a weird, like
it was smooth for a second and then it got really hot and it was just burning
all the way down.

[03:33] - **Chuck Carpenter**: It is a cinnamon bomb for the priming, so I'm not
going to let that overly.

[03:39] - **Robbie Wagner**: Yeah, let me try that again. Can't go any worse
than that first one.

[03:44] - **Chuck Carpenter**: Still a lot of cinnamon up front, definitely oh
yeah, so spicy.

[03:50] - **Robbie Wagner**: It's like a like a snickerdoodle that you spilled
the entire thing of cinnamon into that's not a bad way of describing it.

[03:59] - **Chuck Carpenter**: Yeah, like if you wanted to chew a too much, like
I never did this, but did you ever see the cinnamon challenge?

[04:07] - **Robbie Wagner**: I was just going to ask you about that. One of my
friends did it in my kitchen. He was like you want to do this. I was like you
first and he tried it.

[04:16] - **Chuck Carpenter**: It doesn't work. No, I'm always the darer, I'm
not the doer. I'm, like you know, goading friends into doing stupid things. I
don't really like to do the stupid things.

[04:28] - **Robbie Wagner**: Yes, I like to watch the stupid things.

[04:30] - **Chuck Carpenter**: Yeah, yeah, it's entertaining on this side of it
and I didn't find myself all that convincing in life, but apparently enough to
get friends to do dumb things like that. I think the closest I I mean, and I
wouldn't even consider this anywhere near I remember getting 50 Buffalo wings
with my brother and there was this whole thing of like a challenge is who was
going to get through 25. That was probably as good as it got and you and you had
trouble with that. I didn't.

[04:58] - **Robbie Wagner**: I didn't have trouble at the time. It was a much.
25 is like how my ideal number that I would like to eat Wow.

[05:04] - **Chuck Carpenter**: Yeah, I definitely don't go that high at this
stage, but I think part of that is not necessarily the volume of food, but like
that much spice in my stomach is, I'm going to regret it later.

[05:16] - **Robbie Wagner**: That is true, the spice is, but that amount of
chicken wings is no problem. The time it is a problem is when it's banchan and
it's double fried, because I was like I forgot and got that, like recently, and
uh, I was like, hey, I can get 12 wings and eat those.

[05:33] - **Chuck Carpenter**: No, you can't. Well, funny thing, banchan has
really like exploded, because I'm in tucson, arizona, now for the next five
weeks and there's a banchan here. I saw someone with a bag and I looked it up. I
was like what?

[05:42] - **Robbie Wagner**: yeah, it's delicious and they have new sauces, like
the last time I went before now was years ago, cause that was like when Caitlin
would still have chicken and they had like the two sauces, like the soy and the
spicy, and now they have the like something, some word, I don't know that's, and
that's the best one. It's like just a bunch of consonants Gucci Chong, a bunch
of consonants gucci chang, since it's korean fried chicken starts with a y, I
think yeah, you also hit it.

[06:07] - **Chuck Carpenter**: I don't know. You could look it up uh, look at
that in the midst of that I'm getting. Now it's softening on the spice, but it
still has a lot of spice, definitely still some sweet in the middle and the
sweet isn't very nuanced, maybe, you know, maybe because it said maple wood, I'm
thinking maple a little more and then I'm getting like a slight bitterness at
the end and a bitterness from I kind of. It's weird. It's almost like having
like a little bitter kale or something, but it's very light, but it's a little
bitter. Like that I hate kale by the way, yeah, kale is trash, kale is horrible.
I'd rather eat four pounds of spinach, because I don't mind spinach.

[06:49] - **Robbie Wagner**: I can't paste into the chat, but it's yang yum Yang
yum.

[06:53] - **Chuck Carpenter**: Okay, I mean, it sounds like something I want to
try. I love banchan.

[06:57] - **Robbie Wagner**: Because I like sweeter sauces usually, but I also
like spicy, and so I didn't like that. Their spicy was just spicy. So this, but
I also like spicy and so I didn't like that. Their spicy was just spicy. So this
is like it has a little bit of sweetness and spiciness and that's like exactly
what I want?

[07:10] - **Chuck Carpenter**: okay, I'll definitely have to try it. I
definitely liked the spicy. I like the pickled. What is it they give you? The
like pickled daikons or whatever, I don't know. I just eat the wings you don't
yeah, that sounds like a vegetable.

[07:22] - **Robbie Wagner**: You don't have that yeah, no, I think it does give
you the option of like do you want the these like pickled vegetables, or this
like other thing? And I think that both of them I'm like.

[07:29] - **Chuck Carpenter**: No, thank you fair enough, suit yourself on that
I like them. I think it's a nice like kind of balance with this, with the heat.
And then it used to be like during the week of course this was pre-children, but
like on a tuesday they would do specials on like half liters of soju. So you're
just like drinking soju. It's chilled. It basically is as strong as vodka. It's
ridiculous.

[07:52] - **Robbie Wagner**: And then eating a bunch of chicken yeah, yeah, they
have like a lot more stuff than I remember too, unless I just didn't look at the
menu well before. But they have like bulgogi fried rice. Caitlin gets like a
mozzarella fried thing on a stick, like a Korean corn dog kind of thing, except
it's mozzarella instead of like a corn dog, and then they put their sauce on it.
You can choose your sauce and it's like. And then they have pot stickers which
are also deep fried.

[08:21] - **Chuck Carpenter**: But they have like a bibimbap and some fried rice
things. They've always had a few things. They used to have a little Korean
potato pancake thing. That was really good. The corndog thing sounds like it's a
way. I love those things, so usually when you go to a Korean corndog place you
can choose it with, like a normal dog, a spicy sausage or cheese, or you can
half and half any of those together right and then it's just got that like great
crust and stuff. They've they've perfected the corn dog in many ways yeah, I
mean I think korean.

[08:58] - **Robbie Wagner**: Well, I was gonna say street food, but pretty much
all korean food is just bomb, like they got food right let's put a pin in that
for a second, because I can go down a rabbit hole there.

[09:09] - **Chuck Carpenter**: Should we rate this whiskey maybe? Yeah, we
should rate this whiskey, I'm getting a little more nuance out of it. I get a
weird salad finish. What do you think? You almost spit it out, so should be
great honestly it's not.

[09:21] - **Robbie Wagner**: It's just a really spicy bourbon-y. I don't know.
It doesn't feel super well-aged or great or smooth or anything to me. So I'm
going to say I probably like it better than a Jack Daniels. So we'll say four.

[09:37] - **Chuck Carpenter**: Okay, all right, so middle of the road for you.

[09:41] - **Robbie Wagner**: Interesting.

[09:49] - **Chuck Carpenter**: I'm going to say so. It's interesting because we
have enjoyed every other sweeten's cove that we have tried, but bear in mind
that those have been on a higher price point, and this, I think, was around like
50 bucks, right?

[09:54] - **Robbie Wagner**: so comparatively, it's cheap.

[09:54] - **Chuck Carpenter**: Yeah, maybe it was like 40 bucks, so I think it's
their way of entering and so they're cutting the cost in some ways.
Unfortunately, that comes across in the glass. I don't know. It's a little
weird. I don't love it. I don't want a cinnamon bomb in my face and even as it's
smoothed out, it just isn't balanced. To me it's like everything is kind of
extreme and so, in spite of the price, I have to think about it like, okay, a
george dickle or belmead is another, like tennessee whiskey, or just recently
just had another buffalo trace around the house for friends and because I'm on
the go and I can't take whiskey everywhere, all of those like kind of punch
above that, above this for me, and so they try to do something interesting and I
can feel like they made them all worse and their other stuff is pretty good. So
for me this is like I'm not going to spit it, it out, but I'm kind of like at a
three, I'm almost like at a two and a half, like I don't love it, I'm gonna
finish it yeah, and then I'm gonna give that bottle away.

[10:51] - **Robbie Wagner**: Be done with it yeah, I mean, sweeten's cove is one
of my favorite brands, so it is disappointing that it's like not all that good,
not delivering, just like not great.

[10:59] - **Chuck Carpenter**: So, uh, yeah, yeah I'm gonna say just two and a
half. I'm gonna go two and a half. I just feel like it's not great. That's like
if you see this, or a bottle of buffalo trace.

[11:07] - **Robbie Wagner**: Just get the buffalo trace yeah, if you're
listening to this and you haven't heard of sweeten's cove, try the sweeten's
cove 13. It is like my favorite bourbon, but don't try this one.

[11:17] - **Chuck Carpenter**: The kennessey stay away they could do a new
arrested development song about it. Kenn, tennessee, don't drink it, please. I
didn't watch Arrested.

[11:28] - **Robbie Wagner**: Development no, no, not the show.

[11:29] - **Chuck Carpenter**: There's a band and then there's a song called
Tennessee. All the lights turn out here at a certain time Interesting. They say
go home.

[11:38] - **Robbie Wagner**: Yeah, they say go home. They said, it was fine. The
internet goes out soon too, it could.

[11:43] - **Chuck Carpenter**: It did go out once today, so if it happens, that
would be a problem anyway. Okay, so is html a programming language okay.

[11:51] - **Robbie Wagner**: So, yes, it is, and I have a compelling reason why.
Now it just like clicked finally for me. So all these languages that you would
say for sure are programming languages, right, like, let's say, java, php, c,
whatever Java is compiled, or even if they're not compiled, most of them end up
you know, or every programming language ends up being assembly, binary,
whatever.

12:19 So the thing you're writing is not telling machines jack shit. So HTML is
the same way it tells you know something down the line to tell a machine to put
a pretty box on your screen.

[12:33] - **Chuck Carpenter**: Therefore it is a programming language right
because your interface, you have abstractions right and your, in your direct
interface, is the client and the client takes those abstractions and boils it
down at some point.

[12:48] - **Robbie Wagner**: I guess right to a degree, so yeah, sure I could
see that, yeah, so like I just thought about compiled languages and how like
it's very similar ideals, you know, in that way, though here's this.

[13:01] - **Chuck Carpenter**: Okay, in that same way, because we're talking
about like document structure. To a degree is markdown a programming language.

[13:10] - **Robbie Wagner**: It has syntax, it does get read and interpreted and
then shows you something else I wouldn't say it's not a programming language,
but I think it's a little subtly different that, like the browser on its own,
you can't just throw markdown in and like have it work. But yes, there is a um.
You know, there are programs that will run that, that like can make that work.
So I think it's on the edge, but I would say it kind of is yeah, because I could
almost go both ways.

[13:36] - **Chuck Carpenter**: It's like programmatic word formatting versus
like programmatic document formatting. So then we start to just look at the
edges over and over again. I don't know.

[13:47] - **Robbie Wagner**: Yeah, I don't know. That just came to me in the car
and I was like, well, it came to me cause I was listening to our episode 200,
which we did not even announce, and it was like, fuck, I can't think of that. Is
that the one where I deploy men's spirits? Yeah, that's the one I quit right
after right, and I don't know what I'm doing here, but here we are.

[14:05] - **Chuck Carpenter**: I want it to be done at 200. I thought like
that's a good swan song, you know.

[14:10] - **Robbie Wagner**: I'm going to be like, yeah, just disappear, we'll
delete this one.

[14:13] - **Chuck Carpenter**: Yeah, cool. Can you release it at 300? It should
be pretty good by then.

[14:18] - **Robbie Wagner**: We'll see It'll seem like triumphant return. Yeah,
but we we've had 200 episodes now. I'm like many weeks behind posting social
media updates, so I will get to that at some point. I've finally got the art on
all the episodes and I spent a bunch of time I was fixing the uh. So our astro
site has like the little little images by each episode, right, and it's like a
paginated list. So you have 15 and you click like more episodes and it loads 15
more and you know, etc, etc. And our scores were bad because those images are
like 3 000 by 3 000 pixels and I was not changing them at all. And so I was
like, huh, I know, like astro has this stuff built in right, they've got the
image component. It's a little different because this is a pre-act component. So
I had some like nuanced things to figure out there. And then I was chatting with
the astro folks and they were like you could just use get image and then like,
like in on the api side, because it's an api route that feeds all the episodes.
I was like, oh, I didn't realize I could do it like there. I thought it had to
be in like an astro page or something, I don't know. So I did it there and the
first 15 were up to date because I was like loading those 15 manually so that
when it like server side renders, you have 15 instead of no episodes. But then
the rest never had images and I was like what the fuck, this is ridiculous, like
why everything I try. I was like for days like getting pissed off at Astro,
trying to get help in the channel, all this stuff, like probably making all
those guys really upset. So shout out to those guys for being, you know, really
good sports and helping me out. But, like it turned out, in the end the problem
was the url for the api was going to whiskeyfm instead of the Vercel deploy
preview, so it was always hitting the old api, so it would never be the new api,
of course. So like I was like what, all right, that makes a lot of sense. So,
yeah, that was like a waste of days of time that I could have been using to do
social media stuff yeah and uh, you know, trying to create shareholder value,
which I don't know why you weren't doing that.

[16:23] - **Chuck Carpenter**: Let's see. Let's see here. On here oh, I can
claim a astro tag. I don't know, there's been something. I haven't spent a lot
of time in discord lately, but I was just gonna go try and look at you
complaining. Yeah, I'm gonna see, I'm gonna out you a little bit.

[16:39] - **Robbie Wagner**: No, they pretty much had to like baby me, I'm it's,
I'm fine to have it all out in the open. They like or like have you tried
console logging this? And what about this and what about this? And then, what
about when you're on vercel, have you tried console logging all those things?
And so we did it all together like step through the whole thing, and it was
still. It was logging all the correct urls every single time. So we were like,
how can it be wrong? It says it's correct everywhere, and then when it like goes
to load it, it doesn't work. And then another guy chimes in like are you sure
that it's not hitting the like prod site and not the preview? And I was like, oh
fuck, I didn't even think about that here it is.

[17:14] - **Chuck Carpenter**: Uh, did they recommend that you read the jquery
docs?

[17:16] - **Robbie Wagner**: because you know you should really just kind of go
backwards yeah, they did recommend that I start farming and never code again.

[17:24] - **Chuck Carpenter**: I think yeah I think you've hit your ceiling. You
know what I mean. Sometimes there's like that 10x and you're like half x and
like that's worked for a while. But although I should give you credit, uh, to
the opposition, because you've managed to make a career of ember js when there
are less and less jobs, so you must know something, or you're a great
interviewer, like that guy they're talking about on Twitter now, who's had three
to eight startup jobs for the last few years.

[17:53] - **Robbie Wagner**: I am not a great interviewer. I know that for sure.
I do know Ember, though, and I've been doing a lot of bleeding-edge Ember stuff.
Now my recent project has been to get ember data model fragments. Do you
remember that at all? Not offhand, but so it's basically like ember data has
models and they have like relationships, like belongs to and has many, and a
fragment is like a belongs to, like a embedded thing, but it's not like a real
relationship, it's just like let's just say it's not an actual relationship.

[18:22] - **Chuck Carpenter**: They still want to use Jason or or objects. Yeah.

[18:25] - **Robbie Wagner**: Like you want to say this, uh, like an address.
It's not a relationship, but I want to have a shape to it and have that those
things on it go through like transforms and make sure there are certain types
and whatever.

[18:36] - **Chuck Carpenter**: Yeah, you can enforce the schema there without
like yeah. Even on like a blob or something. Yeah like a blob or something.
Yeah, so it stopped working with ember data. 466 is the last one. What is chris
doing other?

[18:50] - **Robbie Wagner**: than cash and checks, I guess. Well, they changed.
I'm gonna get this wrong. I can't ever remember which way it was, but I think it
was. The cash was a singleton or wasn't a single. No, I think it was a singleton
so that you could store whatever you wanted on it. Like it was a not documented,
like you weren't supposed to do that, but it happened to be a singleton, so they
were abusing it and putting all of that in the cache and then it became not a
singleton and like none of it works anymore. So from four seven up, it's like
that. But like we're I've been working with him for the past few weeks on like
we're using uh warp drive 5.70-alpha.2 to uh work on this stuff. So we're like
like he's writing the things and I'm consuming them as soon as he writes them
and they have names like caution, dangerous, mega, don't use this, please, don't
dot do this thing. And so we're using that to like add back in old, deprecated
stuff and add extensions and stuff to make all this work so that people can have
a smoother upgrade path. So I've been doing a lot of that and like using the new
add-on blueprints that are all Vite and like I don't know it's a crazy world
man, this is like real JavaScript development over here.

[19:58] - **Chuck Carpenter**: Oh yeah, boy, what a leap forward. You get to do
when you like, work for a company that embraces the technology you like, rather
than just keep it alive Mm-hmm yeah.

[20:09] - **Robbie Wagner**: Yeah.

[20:10] - **Chuck Carpenter**: Big difference. What is the best model for
working with those things, or do you have to kind of have your own? Who's
trained on the latest Ember?

[20:20] - **Robbie Wagner**: Oh, AI stuff. There is a Ember GPT that N nullvox
made like an open ai, you can just choose ember. I haven't found it to actually
be that much better than just asking normal chat gpt, but like, maybe over time
yeah, I think chat gpt seems to get like language better and anthropic tends to
get like the code better, but it doesn't get the nuances of I'm using ember
like. None of them are like oh, dope ember, I know how to use ember like, I'll
write it for you. They're like oh, javascript I guess and like. But the thing
that gets me is I did like research mode right to try to do this model, fragment
stuff and I'm like research it tell me like this is how I think we're going to
do the migration like can you look at just all the internet and like try to help
me with that. And it's like it gave me the most compelling research document
that really convinced me. It was the way to do it. And I was like okay, like can
you help me implement it? And I gave it a few days to try and basically ended up
with slop that did nothing. Meanwhile, runspired was like oh yeah, you weren't
supposed to use that. You're supposed to like do it this other way. And so I was
operating on like the wrong assumptions from like when I started typing into AI.
So like it was kind of a wasted experiment. But yeah, I'm interested to see like
if I can start to get the structure of the way we're going to actually do it. If
I can get AI to like, learn what I did and complete it for me, I don't know if
it will. I've had a lot of trouble getting it to do anything useful.

[21:52] - **Chuck Carpenter**: Yeah, I mean, it can be pretty hit and miss. It's
kind of fun, though, when you can just give it a schema and, or you know, give
it like some Jason blob and be like hey, write the form that ends up in this. I
kind of like that yeah, you know, look at this other one, use this structure and
write me a form, and that's been like pretty good for me recently, except for
today. It was like hot garbage. But I tried a couple different models and you
know, like that's what I. I'll kind of like stick with one for a little bit and
then when it stops working I switch. You know, and yeah, I asked claude a lot of
questions to come up with plans and theories and all that stuff, and then I use
windsurf and I'll just switch the models through there. I've kind of found their
swe model garbage, though for the most part like oh, it's garbage, but I do like
I like windsurf the best.

[22:41] - **Robbie Wagner**: I can't really put my finger on why, because
they're all just like here's a suggestion hit tab. But something about there
here's a suggestion hit tab just hits better. I like it. It just feels more
polished, like just works.

[22:53] - **Chuck Carpenter**: So I'm into that. But I did see that VS Code has
a Cloud Code extension now, which is kind of the same, except for without being
able to jump around models.

[23:02] - **Robbie Wagner**: This just in! Whiskey.fund is now open for all your
merch needs. That's right, Robbie. We're hearing reports of hats, sweaters, and
T-shirts, as well as a link to join our Discord server. What's a Discord server?
Just read the prompter, man. Hit subscribe. Leave us a review on your favorite
podcast app and tell your friends about our broadcast. It really does help us
reach more people and keeps the show growing. All right, back to your regularly
scheduled programming.

[23:38] - **Chuck Carpenter**: You know, as we spitball on tools though I want
to hit my other hot take, since I didn't out you on any bullshit one of the
questions is really like what's the right combination of ai tools for web dev
right now, like what feels like the right vibe?

[23:52] - **Robbie Wagner**: I don't know. I haven't gotten anything to do
anything flawless for me, and I've seen a lot of stories of people one-shotting
lots of stuff, so I'm not really sure how that is working for them and also it
depends on the exact that like if you're using what do they call like claude is
the model, what do they call their like chat on anthropic oh well, claude is the
chat and then, like the models can be like claude and sonnet, claude, yeah,
yeah, that's, that's okay. So so yeah, so I'm chatting with claude and I go all
right, here's warp drive actually has two llm optimized files to tell it how to
learn how to use warp drive, which is pretty dope. If you do the full text one
and you paste it in there, it goes. All right, cool, let me read it. And as soon
as it's done reading and it goes, you've reached the limit of the characters
because it's so big. So like I've had a lot of trouble with that. Why doesn't it
just like I used klein some, which is actually pretty nice, and it's like you
can hook it up to Claude and it just starts it when it starts getting close to
the limit.

[24:55] - **Chuck Carpenter**: It like caches everything and keeps the chat
going, so it kind of has a memory, but it like takes that whole history and
compresses it because in Claude I thought, like because you can connect it to
like github now and have it like read whole files there, and so I don't I mean I
haven't hit the limit like that going through like a readme or something it's
really fucking annoying when you're like vibe, coding through a thing and you
got a few files, and then it tells you, it gives you that bait of like, I know
exactly how to do the next file, here's my plan.

[25:23] - **Robbie Wagner**: Then it goes you're, you've hit the limit, and so
then it's like start a new chat. And I'm like, well, how do I, how do I get the
context of this chat? So you have to I use like a chrome extension that like
downloads the history of that chat and paste it in the new one and it learns
what we talked about. And then I start again. It's really cumbersome, I mean
context issues.

[25:42] - **Chuck Carpenter**: I have had ones that go on for a while and and
then when I think like okay, it's working well and I'm afraid that it's going to
get confused as we keep going, I'll ask it for a prompt to get this started
again, like how next time. How can I get started this way? And then?

[25:58] - **Robbie Wagner**: it'll give me that prompt for that.

[25:59] - **Chuck Carpenter**: Yeah, because I've been doing these like
translation migrations. I'll like show the content here and be like, okay, I
need a migration to do a translation for this, because we don't have any like
content entry and so you just have to create these other translation models. But
like, you either run a script which is like pretty flaky to try to do that from
local or even in ci, so like you want to know it's done through a non-schema
changing migration awesome. So then I just have it kind of do that. But I've had
times where it starts just like making up fucking fields and stuff and you're
like, okay, remember the other three times. We don't have that field. What are
you doing.

[26:40] - **Robbie Wagner**: It hallucinates so much. Yeah, I was telling I
think I think this was uh with either typecraft or adam when you were out I was
telling somebody about how, like I would tell it, hey, fix this test. Like the
test is failing, can you like look at the code, look at the test, figure out
what the problem is, and it would rewrite the code to be like if testing just
return true, like was basically it's, and I was like you know, like actually
fix, like it is sneaky, and like, if you don't know what code is at all, you
would get really fucked. You would be like, oh, yeah, this like says if testing
return these very specific static values, and I don't really know why, oh,
that's because it's fake. The tests don't work. It's just fake.

[27:26] - **Chuck Carpenter**: Yeah, it's just faking it to pass, and that's
kind of funny yeah I have it start test from the beginning. I'll be like this
services file, each of these methods let's create a unit test for, and then
we'll just like step through and kind of do that because can't, can't, I don't
even want to start making the tests, but I do want to make sure they work so
yeah, like what I have.

[27:46] - **Robbie Wagner**: Well, yeah, somebody, one of the two of them I
forget who I talk to about any of these things. I feel like we just bitch about
ai all the time. Now they suggested like the one thing you should write yourself
is the test, because if you're confident in the test cases, then you know the
code that gets produced if your tests pass. It has done it right. I'm like, oh,
that's a fair point, I do, I do think that sense?

[28:07] - **Chuck Carpenter**: No, it does. That's definitely another option
there.

[28:11] - **Robbie Wagner**: I hate writing tests, so I'd rather write the code
and then be like what do you think the test should be?

[28:15] - **Chuck Carpenter**: Yeah, I prefer that A long time ago. The whole
test-driven development, right, you start with a failing test and then you start
writing the code to make it pass and you're like, yeah, it sounds like I'm
annoyed by the time I get to my code, though, okay, so you had one more thing
here that's pretty much related to what everything we've said, but like
specifically the ones that are trying to one shot it like Bolt, Lovable Replit.

[28:41] - **Robbie Wagner**: Do we think these are like producing anything
usable for anyone, or like what's the use case?

[28:48] - **Chuck Carpenter**: I mean, I think it is. I have spoken to some
people that have been like I think for personal software it could be very
interesting because, like, if you're out there and you're trying to find
budgeting software or something that kind of fits your mold and nothing's quite
clicking you can get some personalized software. That would be pretty cool, but
I don't, you know, I don't know what, like the cost to get there. But uh, I've
only tried it a little bit. I tried like bolt and lovable and replit. Bolt was
the only thing in like one shot that was able to get me something working. The
others like wasn't even a working app and it's like okay, I've spent 30 minutes
here, I'm good, I'm gonna move on. You can't do basic admin that has this, this,
this. Well then, I don't know, replit's interesting, since the, the react guy,
works there. Now the react guy, jordan walk, yeah, creator of react. So I'm
like, oh, that's interesting to like go down that path of. I don't need to write
any of that crap anymore. Even he's sick of.

[29:48] - **Robbie Wagner**: React, yeah, react is awful, I agree, man. So
anyway, but possibly, I mean maybe it'll do something at some point and I think
that it could do well for personal or internal software at some point, I think
it's good for like mocks, like it's better than Figma, possibly if it makes
something that looks good because you can actually click around. It's good for
like, if you're a PM and you're like okay, I'm trying to describe this like
thing I want to my developers. I can just tell like something to make it for me,
and then, if it happens to kind of make it similar to what I was thinking, that
I can show them that and they can build it yeah, I mean it could bridge the gap
and maybe give you a start.

[30:32] - **Chuck Carpenter**: It does not respond well to being stack specific
too, because that was like initially kind of failed. It was like two out of
three of them. I said oh, I want it, I don't want it in react. Can you make it
in rails? Can you do it in this, whatever? And they're like they do rails and
then put react inside of it. Yeah, no, it just was like I don't have enough
documentation on rails, but I'll create it for you in nextjs.

[30:58] - **Robbie Wagner**: You know, like all the yeah, I mean, the internet
has plenty of rails, documentation and it's super opinionated, so I don't know
why it couldn't figure that out, but because it didn't want to go.

[31:06] - **Chuck Carpenter**: It doesn't go search the internet at that time.
It goes on based on what it was trained and it's being trained in yeah, the most
common things, and this is why we might drown and react at some point, because
they're trying to put it on the server, they're making it configuration, they'll
make it anything. Yep, I've heard react runs yaml.

[31:23] - **Robbie Wagner**: Now that's where you do your components yeah,
that's it, you do components.

[31:27] - **Chuck Carpenter**: you do your components. Yeah, that's it, you do
components. You do all of your infrastructure in React components. How about
that? Somebody's thought of that and tried it, I'm sure.

[31:36] - **Robbie Wagner**: Yeah, bablconfigreactjs.

[31:40] - **Chuck Carpenter**: I want all my config files now in React, just
everything in React, your routers in React, everything's in React.

[31:48] - **Robbie Wagner**: It actually prints out a web page that displays the
text on canvas, uses a ocular recognition pattern to grab that config and then
puts it into the program I think that's reasonable.

[32:03] - **Chuck Carpenter**: There you go, all, and that's all you ever needed
to know yeah I can't wait until database structures are done in React. We also
need that.

[32:10] - **Robbie Wagner**: Yeah. So I do want to take a step back to tools for
a second. I meant to mention have you seen the newest warp news? No, so warp
2.0, I believe is what they called it, I don't know is out. It is no longer
billed as a terminal, it is a agentic development environment or something like
that. Let's see what did they say it was? Yeah, that's what they said it was. So
it's like all for building tons of agents and having them all just code for you
all day, basically. So I have not tried the new version yet, but I still need to
build a bunch of things that I never built. So I'm going to do that sometime and
try it. I'm going to try warp, windsurf and cloud code and see what gives me the
best.

[32:56] - **Chuck Carpenter**: Do you think Ben's done a whiteboard on this yet?
On the new stuff, I don't know.

[32:59] - **Robbie Wagner**: I don't know how long it takes him to do that. I
feel like it would take forever, but maybe he's got it down to a science, yeah.

[33:10] - **Chuck Carpenter**: I'm sure there's a combination of both more work
than you think, but also he's efficient, so it's a little of both. He works
there. He could you know he's got some inside baseball figure it out. Yeah,
okay, well, tbd on that. Content from robbie the wagner on warp 2.0 yeah, his
brain is warped. All right, I'm going to address this now. So I have a problem
going out for food and paying to also do the rest of the preparation work right?
I don't like fajitas, because there's just tacos you didn't put together for me.
I don't like a wedge salad, because it's just a salad where you didn't cut it up
for me.

[33:45] - **Robbie Wagner**: But what about, like, the personal preference to
the amount of stuff? Like, if you have fajitas, you could put the exact amount
of meat, exact amount of cheese, like whatever you want, on there to have the
perfect flavor, whereas tacos could be hit or miss? Now I guess you would argue
if your chef was good enough, they would know the right combinations and just do
it right.

[34:05] - **Chuck Carpenter**: Yeah. Or if it's like street tacos a lot of times
you're putting on your own toppings or whatever, if you want, or you're adding
more. So, yeah, I don't know, I don't subscribe to that. I don't. I don't think
that like and it's not like fajitas are like, oh well, here's the cheaper
option. No, we bring it out on a sizzling skillet and all of a sudden it's like
a $20 entree, like, I don't know was gonna say it is weirdly more expensive.

[34:31] - **Robbie Wagner**: I didn't even think about that, because if you got
steak tacos it'd be like 15 bucks, and if it's fajitas it's 25 bucks and it's
like the same.

[34:37] - **Chuck Carpenter**: So yeah, and so I don't get it. But you know,
because it's on a sizzling skillet. I guess presentation is everything. They've
really fooled us. That's why this doesn't exist in mexico. They're like, no,
just put it together, what do you mean? So korean barbecue kind of has this same
connotation. Korean barbecue is like the korean version of fondue in some ways,
or maybe fondue is like the white person version of korean barbecue. I don't
know. But like you get the meats and stuff on a plate and you like put it in its
cooking receptacle or on it and you make your own shit yeah, well, okay.

[35:13] - **Robbie Wagner**: So I have only been to korean barbecue places in
la, so perhaps I've been to better ones, but they they're like, are very
hands-on. Like you get a waigu combo lots of different cuts of like waigu and
they put it on there for you. And then they come back occasionally to like they
don't want to let you fuck it up. Like they make sure if you're trying to cook
it too long, they're like no, no, here you go, it's ready to eat. So it's like
they. There's a like, an air of you could do it yourself if you want, but it's
like they're doing it for you.

[35:46] - **Chuck Carpenter**: Basically, I've been to places in la, but I went
to places in la where korean people go and so they let you do your own shit like
you're in charge, because they're like you know what you're doing. I don't know
what I'm doing, and I was with people who did, of course, so that was kind of
part of it.

[36:01] - **Robbie Wagner**: Well, I was with people that were korean and both
like we went to a couple korean barbecue places and then a korean I don't know
what they call them, but it was like a Korean pub food kind of thing. They have
like the big pot of soup, and like they also had grills, but they weren't built
into the table. They like brought grills and put them on the table, stuff like
that. And like the people there still were very hands-on, maybe because there
were like enough people that weren't Korean there that they were like but yeah,
maybe that could be, um, I don't know, but like when they help a little, I think
it works out great because, yeah, I don't know what I'm doing.

[36:35] - **Chuck Carpenter**: Yeah, I'm okay with like teppanyaki or whatever,
where they're like cooking it in front of me, like that's fine I'm not doing the
work. They came and like cooked it in front of me. I'd be okay with that, but if
I got to do the work, then I'm annoyed why I'm at a restaurant.

[36:49] - **Robbie Wagner**: This is at home it's kind of similar to like korean
barbecue and japanese barbecue. From my experience it's like you grill the meat
on the thing in the table and then it's like it kind of doesn't have sauce, but
then you like put you pick a sauce, or like you pick some salt, or like like
you're, you're then manually seasoning it after. That's more work.

[37:10] - **Chuck Carpenter**: Like the whole thing, where it's like no, just
tell me how I should have it. What is good, what? What tastes good? Give me
that. Yeah, that's why I'm here, because you've made all those choices, you
accept the responsibility they're gonna be like oh you fucked it up. You put too
much salt on like well, you don't put this in my hands the japanese barbecue
place is caitlin's favorite restaurant, though.

[37:29] - **Robbie Wagner**: They have these big uh king oyster mushrooms and
like a really good sauce and she'll just get like plates and plates of those and
just eat them forever.

[37:37] - **Chuck Carpenter**: I know why you're poor, so it is not cheap yeah
yeah, yeah, I don't know if I've been to korean barbecue, but I've been to a
korean or, I'm sorry, a japanese steakhouse. There is a place that we like, that
it's like.

[37:51] - **Robbie Wagner**: Well, actually, I went there with you, roco accor,
and they had like the sushi bar and all that fancy stuff and then they had the
like you don't cook it yourself.

[37:58] - **Chuck Carpenter**: You do not cook it yourself, they bring it to you
as intended.

[38:01] - **Robbie Wagner**: Can you imagine if they had a do-it-yourself sushi
and how much people would fuck that up and get sick? A lot, a lot would be
pretty bad.

[38:08] - **Chuck Carpenter**: You know, what's funny is, I do like conveyor
belt sushi, though I think like, yeah, that's, that's kind of fun, did I tell
you, my realization was sushi.

[38:17] - **Robbie Wagner**: I don't know if we've talked about sushi. Too much
sushi.

[38:20] - **Chuck Carpenter**: No, go ahead I'll tell you what that means in a
second yeah.

[38:25] - **Robbie Wagner**: So I always, like, had tried various rolls of
sushi, like stuff that has like avocado and mayo and stuff that I hate was like
this is, this is mid. I don't see why people love sushi. And then I had sashimi
and I was like this is bomb. Why did no one tell me this is the good one? Like
why are people fuck with these stupid rolls?

[38:47] - **Chuck Carpenter**: like exactly because they're afraid of real
sushi. Well, I have one car now.

[38:54] - **Robbie Wagner**: I sold all cars, uh except when you're not going to
live here.

[38:58] - **Chuck Carpenter**: Yeah, I'm not going to live here, I don't need
those cars. And then, uh, eventually we'll sell that car too. Oh, living
situation is askew, but is what it is. Did you get your visa figured out? I have
another appointment at the consulate, so I fixed the problems that they said
initially that I had. So I guess, as long as they're in a good mood, they'll
accept it this time. But regardless, I have a flight to Italy and I'll be going
and just starting the clock and figuring it out.

[39:28] - **Robbie Wagner**: Okay, we're going to say have you tried walking in
and like giving them a firm handshake with a benjamin in there and being like,
hey, I would like to, uh, get there please I wish that was that easy.

[39:39] - **Chuck Carpenter**: But when you go to the consulate in la by the
way, I have to go to la because that's what covers my region get some korean
barbecue while you're there. Yeah, there you go. Indeed. Yeah, I got a bunch of
ramen last time, so I'll get some korean barbecue time. I got a ramen that was
brothless. It was very interesting.

[39:55] - **Robbie Wagner**: I forget what it's called so noodles then.

[39:57] - **Chuck Carpenter**: It was like the whole mix and they gave you two
soft-boiled eggs and they had this like some vinegar too, and it was this whole
thing where it was like break apart the eggs and you get the yolk and you mix
that together and then you eat half of it. And then you get the yolk and you mix
that together and then you eat half of it and then you pour the vinegar on and
then you eat the rest there and then at the end they have a rice ball. You put
that in and that soaks up the rest of the sauce. It actually was very
interesting. I don't know if I would like get that every time, but I would say
like worth trying for sure. I'll look up the name of that and I'll pass that out
to listeners, but anyway, so you know you have to go through like security to
get into the thing and then they're behind glass and you're like it's like
you're at the bank or something like where you're going to rob them and you're
within this building at the top floor and you went through security already and
you pass documents under like a little glass thing. So I don't know. So I don't
think a hundo could accompany that, but I could accidentally leave one on top of
the oh did you know, yeah, I also don't yeah exactly welcome, so andiamo, yeah
for sure? So, yeah, that's where all that's at, but I have an apartment there
I'm paying for, which is why I'm staying in tucson already yep, because the
first one didn't get accepted, and so here we are so there was a couple of
things that was like they were very small. It was that like, basically, it was
that I hadn't been in my current position for six months yet, even though I
would be by the day I stepped in the country. Doesn't matter, it applied on the
day that I give them documents, not the day I start the visa, which is is
confusing, but whatever. And the second thing was a little bit of like off dates
in terms of like you have to pay for international insurance before you go apply
also, and my international insurance started July 1st and it actually needed to
start the 6th, the day I was going to enter the country and cover for 365 days.
So there was a five-day gap there. So they said, no, you have to come back.

[41:56] - **Robbie Wagner**: And it's really hard to get an appointment, so here
I am so what if you, like, are unemployed but independently wealthy, like that's
a different visa.

[42:05] - **Chuck Carpenter**: That's like you have to prove all that income
stuff, like people do it when they're on retirement, for example. There's like
we're tired so what?

[42:12] - **Robbie Wagner**: they just want to make sure they're not letting
like freeloaders in, or yeah, basically okay and the at the consulate.

[42:18] - **Chuck Carpenter**: They're just like. This is how I interpret the
rules, so that's what I want to see, you know there's no convincing me, it's
just this okay yeah, I had no idea all the red tape.

[42:28] - **Robbie Wagner**: But yeah, you can be there for like what 90 days
with nothing, right? So?

[42:31] - **Chuck Carpenter**: so we're gonna go on that and kind of figure it
out from there, even if they say, nah, one more time, then we're gonna go and
get started.

[42:39] - **Robbie Wagner**: And then what's the cool down period like? If you
go for 90 days and for some reason you had to come back, could you go back like
a week later and do another 90?

[42:46] - **Chuck Carpenter**: days or like. Basically it's you can stay 90 days
every six months. So it's 180 days every year, kind of. So not not ideal, yeah,
so if you did like a month back and forth, you can kind of do this bouncing and
all that other stuff, but for the kids won't be great, so no, yeah, no, I
wouldn't recommend that.

[43:03] - **Robbie Wagner**: I was just curious. We'll figure that out. I've uh.
The twins are almost two months old now and it has been a lot. At first I was
like, well, I mean at very, very first they just sleep for like the first week,
so it's like it's not hard, this is fine. And then they start to not do that.
They had their days and nights mixed up. That was hard. And then they like more
recently they have acid reflux or something Like when they eat, they like get
really upset so it takes them like an hour to drinkitional medicine type of
person and it's like it sounds fake because you take your kid in and she just
like you know, touches them in a few spots and she's like they're better. And
you're like this, this ain't real. But we did it with finn because he had like
um, he would only turn his head to one side and he had like a big lump on his
neck and like the traditional doctors were like you need six months of pt and
you're gonna have to keep like moving his head around to get this to go away. We
took him to one appointment. They're gone. So I was like okay, voodoo lady knows
her shit. So we took the, the twins, there because supposedly she can help with
acid reflux. They went like a couple days ago and it takes a few days, so I'm
waiting to see if it's going to help. I will report back if it goes away. But
it's like she, when we went back she was like oh yeah, I'm glad you came back.
Like I remember your your first child and like you know most people she never
hears from again and she doesn't know if that means it worked or they think
she's full of shit and like doing fake stuff. Like no, we know it worked, so
definitely. That's why we didn't come back because it worked yeah, yeah, so
that's what we're doing, and we do have a new schedule. That's working really
well, though. I stay up until midnight and feed both the twins for like an hour
and go to bed and I sleep from 1 to 7. And Caitlin wakes up at 4 when they need
to eat then and is just up at 5 when they're done eating. I got six and a half
hours of sleep last night, which is the most I've gotten in like since they've
been born, and I'm like, fuck, yeah, this schedule is good.

[45:15] - **Chuck Carpenter**: You can live with that.

[45:15] - **Robbie Wagner**: You can get through that for sure.

[45:26] - **Chuck Carpenter**: Yeah, so I think we've got it. We got a good
plan, and of course they'll change everything they do within the next month, so
we'll have to reevaluate, but for now we got a good schedule. Nice Well, best of
luck to you. That's what I can say. Thanks. I have one more question there and
then I'm going to need to wrap up. But so you mentioned working out and I have
been very annoyed with you because I'll see, like every day, robbie just
finished a workout, robbie just finished a seven day streak and I'm like, fuck
you, you should not be doing that right now. Well, so I found the hack.

[45:53] - **Robbie Wagner**: The hack is I have dinner and then Finn wants to
work out with me. So he's like, can we work out now? Like, what's after dinner?
Can we work out? I'm like sure, like, and that kind of forces me to do it too,
because I would have just said, fuck, I don't need to work out. So he wants to
do it and he like plays, like he does all his fake workouts, he makes up his own
routine. He's like I'm watching my class over here and I'm like doing the
Peloton class on the TV. He's like pretending to do his own and stuff, and so
it's been great and it like it's a. You know, it occupies him for 30 minutes and
I get to do a workout. So that's why I've been so consistent with it. It's been
too consistent. I'm like so sore I'm taking a rest day today, but yeah, I've
been on a pretty decent streak, so I'm going to keep trying to do that. Get the
kids involved.

[46:38] - **Chuck Carpenter**: That's it, that's I think key advice.

[46:41] - **Robbie Wagner**: Yeah, like, if you have babies, I've seen I haven't
tried this, but I've seen like people will like use them for squats, like they
weight or like you know you can. You can always do something with the family.
Once caitlin is able to like do more workouts again, I think we're gonna do both
of us and finn and try to put the like the babies up for a nap or whatever and
uh, so get the whole family involved, perfect that's yeah that's good.

[47:06] - **Chuck Carpenter**: That's, uh, the most valuable thing you've ever
said what?

[47:12] - **Robbie Wagner**: what about ht HTML as a programming?

[47:14] - **Chuck Carpenter**: language. That's not valuable You're just going
to make more arguments. This one, this works. I think people can buy into that
Cool.

[47:19] - **Robbie Wagner**: Yeah.

[47:20] - **Chuck Carpenter**: Well, all right. Is there anything you want to
plug, or where can people find you on the internet? They?

[47:25] - **Robbie Wagner**: can find me at Robbie the Wagner, everywhere. I was
going to have a joke and I couldn't think of something quick enough because I'm
not smart.

[47:34] - **Chuck Carpenter**: So you'll work on it Baby steps by 250, you'll
have a joke.

[47:38] - **Robbie Wagner**: Yes, Perfect, all right. Thanks everyone for
listening and we'll catch you next time.

[47:45] - **Outro**: You've been watching Whiskey Web and Whatnot. Recorded in
front of a live studio audience. What the fuck are you talking about, Chuck?
Enjoyed the show? Subscribe. You know, people don't pay attention to these,
right? Head to whiskey.fund for merchant to join our Discord server. I'm
serious, it's like 2% of people who actually click these links. And don't forget
to leave us a five star review and tell your friends about the show. All right,
dude, I'm outta here. Still got it.
