[00:00:00] **Intro:** Welcome to Syntax. Welcome to a brand new episode of the
Front End Happy Hour podcast. Welcome to this week's JS Party. Live from Ship
Shape Studios, this is Whiskey Web and Whatnot. With your hosts, Robbie the
Wagner, and me, Charles William Carpenter III. That's right Charles. We drink
whiskey and talk about web development.

[00:00:27] **Intro:** I mean, it's all in the name. It's not that deep. This is
Whiskey Web and Whatnot. Do not adjust your set.

[00:00:36] **Robbie Wagner:** Hey, what's up everybody? This is Whiskey Webb and
whatnot. With your hosts, Robbie, the Wagner and Adam. Middle name Argyle ii.

[00:00:46] **Adam Argyle:** I was like, where's he gonna go with this? Uh, I
don't have a the thing yet. I, you know. Dang. We gotta figure it out. It's
gotta evolve. He'll find a space.

[00:00:54] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. I was just rolling with
it. , Yeah, we're doing kind of an impromptu episode today. We [00:01:00] just
wanted to, to hang out, drink a little bit. I've had a few stressful things
happen today, so I figured why not bitch about them online.

[00:01:07] **Adam Argyle:** Perfect. I'm here for you, dude. I'm here

[00:01:09] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah. Yeah. So to fuel that we've got today the

[00:01:15] **Robbie Wagner:** whistle pig, small batch rye.

[00:01:18] **Robbie Wagner:** I don't even need to look up the details ' cause
they are right on the bottle. Age 10 years, hundred proof, and a blend of
straight rye whiskeys. So all rye.

[00:01:30] **Robbie Wagner:** A blend of different ones, I guess.

[00:01:32] **Adam Argyle:** Okay. I'm ready. I mean, I'm, my mouth is ready.
I'm, I'm not

[00:01:36] **Adam Argyle:** yet

[00:01:36] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. Fun fact. For anyone who was looking for
this show within the past, uh, week or so, it did not exist, apple decided, Hey,
you know what we should do? We should archive that show. That seems like one
people don't, don't wanna listen to anymore.

[00:01:53] **Adam Argyle:** stinking RSSI love RSS, but it does have that weird
thing, like I, I hand roll my RSS for my website, which is, up a good [00:02:00]
and bad thing, which means that, yeah, if I screwed up, it just kind of explodes
and then it re refills everyone's inbox. anyway. Hey, look at our matching
glasses. I got some norland glasses too.

[00:02:07] **Adam Argyle:** Hey, Norland,

[00:02:09] **Robbie Wagner:** This episode is sponsored by norland glass.com.

[00:02:12] **Adam Argyle:** Dang. They, uh, are very cool. , I definitely, it's
gonna make me, so I think part of my rating is gonna be color, and that won't
surprise a lot of people. They'll be like, oh yeah, Adam does a lot with color
and now I'm gonna be looking at these. Hmm.

[00:02:24] **Adam Argyle:** They're like

[00:02:25] **Robbie Wagner:** what is the O-K-L-C-H value for this? What's the
amount of transparency?

[00:02:32] **Adam Argyle:** I don't know. It's so pretty though. I totally
agree. Oh yeah. 'cause some are gonna have like less transparency in

[00:02:37] **Adam Argyle:** others. , But it is a very, very pretty color. It
reminds me of Amber. All right, I'm gonna taste it now instead of just look at
the color. Oh, wait. Another thing I was thinking was that it's so funny how
like, sometimes you, so first you smell and then you taste.

[00:02:50] **Adam Argyle:** So it's almost like you saw the house, then you
walked in the house, and then you have to discover how many rooms does it have?
'cause when you take your first sip, sometimes it's a one room house. Sometimes
it's like a four room house [00:03:00] where you're like, I'm downstairs and now
it's all smoky, you know? And then eventually you walk out of the house and it's

[00:03:05] **Robbie Wagner:** Sometimes there's a secret passage in the house.
You pull a book on the bookshelf and it goes to another room.

[00:03:11] **Adam Argyle:** Or drop a little drip of water in there, get a
special hallway, put it on ice. Mm. Who knows.

[00:03:18] **Robbie Wagner:** All right. Let's see. It smells, uh, sweet and
peppery.

[00:03:22] **Adam Argyle:** Yep. To be expected.

[00:03:24] **Robbie Wagner:** Mm. Yeah. I don't know. I'm not feeling creative
today. I'm just gonna drink some.

[00:03:28] **Adam Argyle:** Hmm. It is. Uh, I like the way it hits my tongue. It
kind of spread across right immediately. Good. Hearty burn, but not too much.
'cause we're at a a hundred proof, right?

[00:03:36] **Robbie Wagner:** Yep. That is a hundred proof.

[00:03:38] **Adam Argyle:** That's a hundred proof.

[00:03:39] **Adam Argyle:** but I don't know. I like it. It's good.

[00:03:42] **Robbie Wagner:** I think a hundred proof is the appropriate proof
for this one. I don't know. It's got like the right amount of burn and sweetness
and it just feels balanced.

[00:03:49] **Adam Argyle:** So yes, I approached the house. I got wonderful, uh,
you know, peppery notes, but as I, uh, continue walking through, uh, now I can
just taste carpet. Oh, wait, no, I'm stuck in the house. Metaphor. [00:04:00]
Oh, shit. Get out. No,

[00:04:03] **Robbie Wagner:** maybe a little bit of like licorice. I don't know.
Mulling

[00:04:07] **Robbie Wagner:** spices definitely feels like it'd be good in a hot
totty. Good fall, uh, fall whiskey.

[00:04:13] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah,

[00:04:13] **Adam Argyle:** it's got the hug. Oh, where's Chuck to say hug

[00:04:16] **Robbie Wagner:** I don't know.

[00:04:18] **Adam Argyle:** Chuck? Uh, it's, it's hugging me and I'm thinking of
you, so I won't tell my spouse.

[00:04:25] **Robbie Wagner:** All right. , Yeah, so let's rate this thing. Our
rating scale is zero to eight tentacles, zero being the worst, eight being the
best, four being middle of the road. I forget all Chuck always says like, eight
is clear the shelves, and I don't know what all the things that

[00:04:37] **Robbie Wagner:** he said.

[00:04:38] **Adam Argyle:** Zero is I never want to taste this shit again.

[00:04:40] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, I wouldn't clean my toilet with that.

[00:04:42] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah.

[00:04:44] **Adam Argyle:** I'm gonna give this to my enemy. That's what zero
is.

[00:04:46] **Robbie Wagner:** Yes. yeah. So for me, I'm gonna say.

[00:04:50] **Robbie Wagner:** Dunno. I feel like I always say six, but I think
it's a solid six. It's like, it's not my favorite rye. 'cause that's always
Sagamore, but it is pretty good. Actually. I'm gonna go [00:05:00] six and a
half. It's, it's a little better. It's pretty good.

[00:05:02] **Adam Argyle:** Awesome. That's, I'm driving the same way. And it
also makes me, I'm like, I gotta go buy some Sagamore. I wanna know what the
eight of this is. 'cause this is awesome. Like I'm thinking, all right, I see. I
go in some expectations and it delivered on all of them. So that immediately
puts it like a six. Right?

[00:05:15] **Adam Argyle:** You're

[00:05:16] **Adam Argyle:** but I'm happy with it. and 10 years of age Hmm.
Would drink again. So yeah, six and a half, somewhere in the high sixes. I don't
know.

[00:05:24] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. Cool. Yeah, we need to get you, uh, we did a
barrel pick, which I'm sure you heard about. , That was sagamore. So I have, I
don't know, a few boxes of that left. So next time I come out that way, I'll
just bring a box on the plane and you can have a box.

[00:05:40] **Adam Argyle:** Sick. I would love that. I'll match that with, I'll
cook you some dinner, I'll send you home some plants and some little starters. I
don't know.

[00:05:48] **Robbie Wagner:** What kind of plants you growing?

[00:05:49] **Adam Argyle:** any of 'em I can get my hands on. I'm like a weirdo
about it, like my wife. So the way it started is we were like, plants are cool.
Let's get some, and then we put 'em in our house and we're like, plants make us
sad 'cause they die.

[00:05:59] **Adam Argyle:** And as [00:06:00] they're dying, they just look at
you all dead all day and you're like, shit, I'm so sorry. I don't know what you
needed. And it's

[00:06:05] **Robbie Wagner:** they really do. They die slowly and they're like,
you could do better, could you do better? And you're like, ah, I'm trying.

[00:06:11] **Adam Argyle:** Daily reminder that you suck at this. , Which is
pretty funny, but I, I eventually took it over. And, uh, I'm weird when I do
stuff. I always do this, like small amounts of, , research and then I like it
whenever I learn things on the job. I like the weird things in between the lines
that people don't tell you about.

[00:06:27] **Adam Argyle:** So pe you stupid thing on a plant thing is like, uh,
needs partial sunlight and wet, but not moist or moist, but not wet. And you're
like, what the hell does that mean? That's rude. You can't, no one knows the
difference right now.

[00:06:40] **Robbie Wagner:** I want six fluid ounces of water. Like that's what
I want.

[00:06:44] **Adam Argyle:** yeah, seriously, for this pot, do this much. That's
literally what it should do, is it should do something like that. Anyway, I
picked up these techniques where it's like, touch the soil. Like, here's step
one, everybody. If you're killing plants, step one, walk up to it and before you
put water in it, touch the soil on the top.

[00:06:57] **Adam Argyle:** If it's already wet, don't water it again. Dork,
[00:07:00] it's, it's still wet, it doesn't need

[00:07:02] **Adam Argyle:** water.

[00:07:03] **Robbie Wagner:** They're too specific though. They'll be like, if
the first two inches are not wet than water, and I'm like, okay, what am I
supposed to just like stick my finger down in there, I guess, and like,

[00:07:15] **Adam Argyle:** Yep. And that's, uh, the technique I still don't
understand.

[00:07:18] **Adam Argyle:** Yep. I'm totally with you. It's like two up to one
knuckle and I'm like, what game are you trying to play with me? This isn't, but
anyway, it's like a, what, what am I supposed to look for? So it's like as soon
if, if there's any moisture, and that means don't do it again, or it likes to be
it that way anyway.

[00:07:33] **Adam Argyle:** I agree that the put your finger into the soil
doesn't make sense for me. It's just basic. It's like tap it. And then the other
one is pick up the pot. Just lift it like physically, like take both hands and
be like, how much do you weigh right now? And if you lift it up and you're like,
damn, you still full?

[00:07:46] **Adam Argyle:** Put it down. I don't water it. That's it. And then
if you pick it up, sometimes it'll be light as hell and you're like, oh yeah,
you thirsty and I got you. , So anyway, that's like my two things. And then I
look at the leaves. Like if they're burnt on the ends, it means they're dry.
[00:08:00] If there's yellow from the stem going upward towards the end of the
leaf, that's too much water.

[00:08:04] **Adam Argyle:** And that's it. Dude, I kind of just rock it all.
Vibey. I, I vibed my plants, man.

[00:08:10] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, we have, we only have a few that we've been
able to keep alive and we kind of just. it's basically just once a week max
watering everything. And like, on watering day, if it's like, if it still feels
wet, then yeah, wait a little while to water it. But yeah, I mean, for a while I
feel like we had no system at all and we were just like killing plants left and
right.

[00:08:30] **Robbie Wagner:** And then like, , my wife got the like some app
where you can just like scan stuff and it tells you what to do and it was just
like, bro, like, just, just chill your watering and like, don't do that so much.

[00:08:40] **Robbie Wagner:** And we

[00:08:40] **Robbie Wagner:** were

[00:08:40] **Adam Argyle:** almost always overwatering. I mean, that's like the
number one tip. It's like less is more.

[00:08:44] **Adam Argyle:** have we talked about bottom watering or has someone
told me once butt chugging.

[00:08:47] **Robbie Wagner:** I mean, we haven't talked about plants before, so,
Oh, that's, that's true.

[00:08:51] **Robbie Wagner:** we have a garden porch where we grow some stuff
outside. And we have like strawberries and tomatoes and raspberries and
blueberries, et [00:09:00] cetera, things like that. But all of them have
reservoirs in the bottom, and so you just fill those up instead of watering over
top.

[00:09:07] **Robbie Wagner:** That way it'll pull the roots down so that it'll
grow bigger and stronger.

[00:09:11] **Adam Argyle:** That's bottom watering. That's butt chugging. And
that is my most successful watering method in the house. Also, sometimes with a
string, dangle a string out the bottom of a pot into a reservoir, and it'll only
soak up what it needs.

[00:09:22] **Robbie Wagner:** Oh, that's smart.

[00:09:24] **Adam Argyle:** Super cool. And it looks cool. Like you have this
like floating pot over top of a vessel of water and you're just like, is that
hydroponics?

[00:09:30] **Adam Argyle:** And you're like, I'm not that advanced. No, this is,
this is just bottom watering. It's all good.

[00:09:35] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. Yeah. We don't, we haven't tried that
inside, but we definitely do it outside.

[00:09:41] **Adam Argyle:** Cool. I'll send you a

[00:09:41] **Adam Argyle:** link to some pots. They're super cool.

[00:09:43] **Adam Argyle:** , Okay, so you had, you said you had a hard day vent
it, dude, give it to me. What happened? I,

[00:09:47] **Robbie Wagner:** I mean, I made it sound, I guess really juicy, but
it's, it's maybe not as juicy, but I will still talk about it. yesterday one of
our dogs, broke a tooth in half.

[00:09:57] **Robbie Wagner:** , And so we just found a tooth on the ground and
we're like, that's probably [00:10:00] not good. , So I called the vet this
morning and I was like, Hey, I don't know which of our dogs lost this tooth.

[00:10:04] **Robbie Wagner:** They won't really let me look in their mouths. I'm
just gonna bring one in. 'cause he needs an exam anyway. Like, see if you can
figure it out. he wouldn't really let them look a ton either, but they were
like, oh, his teeth actually also look fractured. Like they probably both need a
ton of like dental work, basically.

[00:10:20] **Robbie Wagner:** So I was like, cool, how much does that

[00:10:22] **Adam Argyle:** Yeah.

[00:10:24] **Robbie Wagner:** And they're like, , yeah. So if they needed, no,
like just a cleaning, it's like $1,300 and if they need, extractions, it's like
3000 like per

[00:10:33] **Robbie Wagner:** dog.

[00:10:34] **Adam Argyle:** Oh my goodness.

[00:10:36] **Robbie Wagner:** I'm just like, , what happens if we don't do it?

[00:10:39] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah, no, it's, I think it's pretty bad actually.
'cause it can get like really infected and like, I don't know.

[00:10:44] **Robbie Wagner:** , we probably should have done it sooner and we
are not supposed to be giving them, they chew on binna bones all the time, like
these really hard, like plastic bones and I think they're just destroying their
teeth with them.

[00:10:54] **Adam Argyle:** Well, that's what they're supposed. Those are hard
bones. You get the hard bone because they otherwise. [00:11:00] And it's like
soft enough. You can destroy it slowly, but dang chipping teeth and like need
and Oh yeah, for, I always think about like, I would like to spend $3,000 on
myself and I'm not doing it. So what do you think?

[00:11:11] **Adam Argyle:** I'm gonna do it right now anyway.

[00:11:13] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah. I know, right? And like, I'm just thinking
about dental work. I'm like, okay, it's a dog. It's a little more complicated
than a human, but I could do all of

[00:11:21] **Adam Argyle:** that cover any of it? Pet insurance, do you have
that?

[00:11:24] **Robbie Wagner:** , That's another rant, but,

[00:11:25] **Robbie Wagner:** so I'm like, Hey, I'm, I'm a human and I'm, I
spend like a hundred dollars at the dentist each time. So that's like my
lifetime worth of dentist visits is like one dog, one, like why is it so much

[00:11:37] **Adam Argyle:** Yeah. It's like braces for your kids, you know?
You're like,

[00:11:40] **Adam Argyle:** dang,

[00:11:40] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. But yeah, so pet insurance, , this episode
is not sponsored by lemonade insurance fuckers.

[00:11:46] **Adam Argyle:** here's the heat. We brought it out.

[00:11:49] **Robbie Wagner:** Okay. So,

[00:11:50] **Robbie Wagner:** , we have two French bulldogs. They have a lot of,
, congenital conditions. Like that's a thing the breed has, but we always had
insurance because like, whenever something happens and it's a [00:12:00] $10,000
operation, you want to like, be able to afford it.

[00:12:02] **Robbie Wagner:** So, , we had insurance, a different insurance
before and switched to lemonade, like I think when Odie was like two or
something. , And he had had no problems. He had one like his back hurt one time.
, And they like did x-rays and stuff and they, I don't know, it was like a mild,
like he strained it or whatever, but when they did the x-rays, they found that
some of his vertebra were like fucked up.

[00:12:23] **Robbie Wagner:** now that his entire back doesn't work, they're
like, Hey, that's a pre-existing condition. We can't cover any of that. So I
went and got an MRI that was like $3,000 thinking they would cover it. 'cause
I've been paying them hundreds of dollars a month for like fucking years. And
they're like, oh no, no, that's, that's an existing condition.

[00:12:40] **Robbie Wagner:** And I was like, ,

[00:12:41] **Adam Argyle:** That's the classic asshole move by an insurance
company.

[00:12:44] **Adam Argyle:** My

[00:12:44] **Robbie Wagner:** I was like, can I appeal and can I, like,

[00:12:47] **Robbie Wagner:** what if my lawyer says that it's not a preexisting
condition They're like, uh, nothing we can do. And so I just canceled it and
like, he has no insurance 'cause fuck it. Like if they're not gonna pay for
anything with his back, he can't have [00:13:00] anything else that I want to
pay for.

[00:13:01] **Robbie Wagner:** 'cause he is getting old and he can't walk 'cause
of his back. So like, I'm not gonna spend thousands of dollars to like fix a
kidney or something. So yeah. So that's a shit show.

[00:13:10] **Adam Argyle:** you're doing. The right thing. Sounds like y'all
were taking care of your kids, your fuzzy kids, and they're being assholes.
You're right. If, if you've been there that long, they should easily look at the
history and be like, the claims from this person, aren't overwhelming or
whatever.

[00:13:25] **Adam Argyle:** Right. So it's like, clearly we can accept this.
This is the whole reason for insurance. We should know this. And it sounds like
they're a smaller, dang. I wonder if they're, they got a quota of rejects. They
have to do 'em. I don't know. That does not sound right to me at all. I'm

[00:13:39] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. But it's, we have the
same insurance for our other dog, Jake, and he's had it since like day one of
his life. So I'm never like switching his insurance. So nothing is a preexisting
condition. Like, I dare you to try to say something that's preexisting.

[00:13:55] **Adam Argyle:** Yeah.

[00:13:55] **Adam Argyle:** and they have covered stuff for him.

[00:13:57] **Adam Argyle:** Like he had some, uh, intestinal issues [00:14:00]
and had to get scoped and stuff, and they, like, they covered all of that, so,
so I will keep paying them for that one, but not for the other one.

[00:14:06] **Adam Argyle:** Not for the other one.

[00:14:07] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah, insurance is a

[00:14:08] **Robbie Wagner:** scam in

[00:14:09] **Adam Argyle:** here is, yeah, insurance is totally a scam, and the
lesson here is, I guess it ups your odds of not getting that bullshit response
if you hook your insurance on day one with your dog, I guess. And then how you,
how do you pre-list, pre-existing conditions?

[00:14:22] **Adam Argyle:** So it's like,

[00:14:23] **Robbie Wagner:** They have a, I think a six week waiting period. So
it's like like you can't just get insurance day one and then be like, oh, like
day two. We found out they have like a heart that doesn't work and so you're
gonna pay for all of it, so they get, make you wait a little while.

[00:14:38] **Robbie Wagner:** but yeah, we made it through that waiting period
before, like bringing him in. I think it was like, I don't know, a few months
into his life that we brought 'em in for like the GI stuff. So they were like,
oh, it's all covered. It's like, sweet. That's what I want.

[00:14:52] **Adam Argyle:** Oh, our lovely dogs. They're so many fun crossovers
with children as having a dog. You're like, I love you, but you crap on me. And
[00:15:00] one of them actually does crap on you, and the other one just
emotionally craps on you. And you're like, I'm just getting crap on. And I still
love them, aren't they sweet?

[00:15:06] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, yeah, yeah. We're definitely thinking, , for
a few reasons that either one or zero dogs is better than two because, like when
they both need dental work, it's double the price. Or like, , we got two because
our first dog has a lot of, uh, separation anxiety and stuff like, doesn't like
to be home alone.

[00:15:26] **Robbie Wagner:** So we were like, here's a friend and it doesn't
help as much as we thought. So, you know, it's not

[00:15:31] **Robbie Wagner:** not

[00:15:31] **Adam Argyle:** That's, that happened to us, that happened to my
other friends. So we did it 'cause we wanted our first dog to have a friend to
wrestle and play, you know, like extend his life, new puppy, visit this kind of
old man dog and you know, help out will give us more years. They would be so
funny. They'd play for like five minutes a day and then they'd just lay around
and sleep next to each other.

[00:15:53] **Adam Argyle:** And you're like, dang it, this is not working. And
if anything, she hurt him over and over again as she got bigger. She's just a
fumbly dork [00:16:00] and she just hurt feet. We call it one of the most
dangerous things in the house or her feet. 'cause they will, they'll t trample
and they would hurt him. They'd hurt people.

[00:16:06] **Adam Argyle:** She'd hurt people. Uh, and you're like, you're
supposed to be extending the life of this guy and you're actually making it
crappier, but you're also really sweet. So, eh,

[00:16:15] **Robbie Wagner:** Dogs play rough though. Like ours especially I
guess 'cause they're like bully breeds, but like they basically maul each other
to death is their way of playing. And I'm like okay. But that's probably part of
why o's back doesn't work. 'cause he's been like body slammed to the ground so
many times.

[00:16:32] **Robbie Wagner:** So like, we maybe made that worse, but he also
voluntarily would jump off of like high beds and stuff his whole life. So that's
like, we got the ramp right there, bro. Just walk down it. Like

[00:16:43] **Adam Argyle:** Aw,

[00:16:44] **Robbie Wagner:** now he has to walk down it. So.

[00:16:48] **Adam Argyle:** sweet. Well, at least you had it there. I have a, I
have a ramp into the forerunner. It's like this little footstep I, I twist out
so our big dogs can jump in the back. look at all these cute things we do.
Aren't we sweet?

[00:16:59] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. [00:17:00] So, all right, let's, let's get
to the real topics here. so is Cracker Barrel a JavaScript framework?

[00:17:06] **Adam Argyle:** I can't wait to hear this. I, I'm already hooked,
dude.

[00:17:10] **Robbie Wagner:** So, I just had this, this is like a st a stupid
analogy, I guess, but like, cracker Barrel has been shitting the bed for the
past like month. They're like, oh, yeah, our logo is different. Our stores look
different. Our menu's gonna be different. , Everything's different. And like,
why? Uh, because other restaurants that are successful do these different things
and look modern.

[00:17:32] **Robbie Wagner:** And like they have , a more streamlined logo and
their, uh, bundle size is smaller than the other framework. Like, it just, the
parallels are like. I'm seeing a lot of this with, you know, I think we maybe
talked about this last time, but I always like to shit on hooks and like hooks
are stupid and like every framework decided we should use hooks everywhere.

[00:17:50] **Robbie Wagner:** it's kind of the same phenomenon that's happening
to Cracker Barrel. Like everyone is like, oh, I gotta use the hooks. 'cause
that's like, you know, the kids love the hooks. You gotta have the hooks and
cracker barrel's. Like you [00:18:00] gotta, you gotta have the sexy logo with
absolutely no appeal whatsoever with like the same font everyone uses.

[00:18:05] **Robbie Wagner:** You gotta do that oh man. I just think it's a
weird phenomenon in general that we have to like, make everything the same.

[00:18:12] **Adam Argyle:** It is a funny competition. This is open source where
if you don't like it, you fork it and then make it look like everybody else. It,
we have every option and all the potential to be as indie and, awesome and
unique as we want, but we would rather unite on one UI framework and cont like,
what? , Yeah, I totally hear you.

[00:18:33] **Adam Argyle:** And it's kind of funny in that it's, uh, sometimes
it really comes off wrong, where it doesn't make you look young, , makes you
look desperate. you know, it was easy when people would say, like, old people
would say the term wrong. You know, they'd be like, oh, I love those Otis
Spunkmeyer cookies.

[00:18:47] **Adam Argyle:** And you're like, ah. She said it like a dork, or
someone adds an extra s you know, to something, Ooh, rainbow sherbets. And
you're like, mm, nope. You just don't know what you're talking about. And so I'd
be like, cracker barrels, like we're on tiktoks [00:19:00] and Instagram's and
you can find our short there. And you're like, you put the S on the Yeah. Your
asses are wrong. Damnit, we can see through you.

[00:19:09] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. Oh man. alright, so part of me though is
conspiracy theorying this, that like, they're doing it terrible on purpose so
that people, they'll just be in the news 'cause people

[00:19:20] **Adam Argyle:** oh shit. That's what Trump does. Yeah.

[00:19:22] **Robbie Wagner:** that's what a lot of it works. We're all talking
about it, and that makes somebody who really loves some fucking chicken and
dumplings being like, you know where I should go tonight?

[00:19:32] **Adam Argyle:** Yes, negative attention is unfortunately the new
cool attention. I mean, you can kind of see this even on the internet where like
people like to shit on stuff and if you shit on things a lot, that's how you get
more popular. If you can actually say shitty things a lot, you get a lot of
attention. And these days any attention just seems cheap.

[00:19:48] **Adam Argyle:** So maybe they're like, look, let's go out there and
just do this dumb little thing and watch us get negative attention. But watch
Cracker Barrel sales go up and it's just, that is a mainstream wheel. It's
almost like we want to, it's like the [00:20:00] popcorn that people need right
now. We need somebody to make fun of.

[00:20:02] **Adam Argyle:** Some dork needs to be a clown so that we can eat
popcorn and watch them fool around.

[00:20:06] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah, yeah. The negative stuff, or saying
purposefully wrong things, people cannot help but jump in and be like, did you
know you said this wrong? Like.

[00:20:15] **Adam Argyle:** Yeah. That's the classic one on Twitter, right? How
do you get your question answered? You, you make an assertion that's
intentionally wrong that, you know, just pisses people off. Hmm. They'll jump in
there.

[00:20:25] **Adam Argyle:** Yeah. But yeah, frameworks jumping in on hooks,
jumping in on, uh, there's a lot of trends.

[00:20:30] **Adam Argyle:** Trends are funny though, right? I mean, like, I
don't know about what the teenagers look like around you, but they're all
wearing JCOs and, , wife beaters. And I'm like, my goodness. my wife is like,
has there been a sitcom yet where someone goes to jail in like JCOs and a white
shirt and they're in jail for 30 years and they just hadn't seen anything,
right?

[00:20:48] **Adam Argyle:** And then they come outta jail and everyone's still
wearing their same clothes and they're like, and they're like, I'm cool still.
And they just walk out and everyone's like, where'd you get that? And he's like,
you know, like, that'd be pretty funny.

[00:20:59] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. JCOs [00:21:00] actually went outta business
sometime

[00:21:02] **Robbie Wagner:** recently. Yeah. Like the brand was in existence
for a long time,

[00:21:07] **Robbie Wagner:** but it, it went outta business like within the
last year or something. Let's see.

[00:21:10] **Adam Argyle:** Dang, they should have sold to Target like Stussy
did or whatever.

[00:21:14] **Adam Argyle:** Oh man. I had jingos, I had Woo wear, but then
again, I put eyeliner in my eyes and, and flat ironed my hair. So, you know, I'm
a trend follower too, I guess. Oh crap, dude. I'm them. I'm, I'm it, I'm,

[00:21:26] **Robbie Wagner:** Hey, bring back the scene kids, man. If that's
cool again, I'll, I'll do it.

[00:21:30] **Adam Argyle:** I'd be down with that. Someone stopped me and my, my
wife one time and they were like, you two are so perfect. 2006, like post
hardcore. And we we're like, okay, whatever. We'll see you later. And he was
like, yeah, you look cool. And we're like, all right, whatever. We had our kids
with us. Like that was really weird.

[00:21:47] **Adam Argyle:** , But I think I understand him.

[00:21:50] **Robbie Wagner:** So JCO apparently originally went outta business
in the early two thousands, which who would've ever known? 'cause why would I
keep up with jco? But then, revived themselves [00:22:00] in like 2018 and
eventually went outta business again or something. But I, I feel like it was. I
don't know, I feel like it was within the last couple years, but maybe it was
like when we originally started this podcast, we talked about it at some point
on the show, I think where like, hey, JCOs out of business.

[00:22:13] **Robbie Wagner:** Like wait, they were in business?

[00:22:18] **Adam Argyle:** That's every kid was wearing 'em. They're going to
Zoomies and buying JCOs, you know? Well, just in my school, I guess.

[00:22:23] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. I used to go to, well I originally started,
I had a, a weird trajectory. I wore a lot of uh, stuff from hot topic like the
bit super baggy zippering pants.

[00:22:34] **Adam Argyle:** Trip pants. Aren't they called trip

[00:22:36] **Robbie Wagner:** Oh yes, they were called trip pants. Yes. , And
then, yeah, I went to, like, when I was in some bands, I started being more of a
scene kid and had the pink hair, flat iron my hair all the time.

[00:22:45] **Robbie Wagner:** Really got really expensive haircuts actually.
'cause it's hard to maintain that, like flowy.

[00:22:51] **Adam Argyle:** tips man. Yeah, I got reverse foils for a while too.
I had long hair i's getting

[00:22:55] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. Yeah. Fun stuff, man. Now I [00:23:00] just
wear a hat and don't even care what my hair's doing.

[00:23:02] **Adam Argyle:** Yeah. I'm like, oh crap. Is today pants day? I've
been really loving my joggers. Alright, well it's cool. S it,

[00:23:08] **Robbie Wagner:** Oh, man. Yeah. I'm, I hardly ever get outta my
pajamas, honestly. But, uh, I'm out of them now. I've been outta the house
today.

[00:23:16] **Adam Argyle:** gotta put on some pants. Although do you? I don't
know.

[00:23:19] **Robbie Wagner:** I, the kids love wearing pajamas out these days.
You can't

[00:23:22] **Robbie Wagner:** see a, a Gen Z kid that isn't wearing pajamas.

[00:23:27] **Adam Argyle:** totally agree. Showing up for work in pajamas and
crocs. Like, this is who I am. I'm ready to work. And you're like, okay, you

[00:23:33] **Adam Argyle:** shower. Alright.

[00:23:35] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, we're doing construction work. What do you
mean?

[00:23:38] **Adam Argyle:** Oh dude. Speaking of revivals, did you see, , the
Commodore, , brand got bought by fans and previous employees and they, one of
the first things they did was make a mini commodore, just like you can get the
mini NES and the mini super NES and the mini Sega and there's all these minis.
They were like, we can be mini too.

[00:23:55] **Adam Argyle:** , And they're doing all these really cool things
with the brand. So they made many ones. They make these really sick clear ones.
They make [00:24:00] ones with like LEDs inside that are also clear and just
look sick, and you're like, this old computer thing is now this rad thing. I
want,

[00:24:10] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, I mean, nostalgia is powerful and if you
make it sexy, I will buy it

[00:24:16] **Robbie Wagner:** I am. A pre-order that I'm waiting on for the, uh,
analog 3D. Are you familiar with

[00:24:20] **Robbie Wagner:** analog?

[00:24:21] **Adam Argyle:** I am. Yeah. Ooh, nice. Did you get the black
See-through one, the stealthy murdered Out one?

[00:24:27] **Robbie Wagner:** I don't know if it's the N 64 1. So like, I got
two of them. 'cause that was the max you could get. I'm gonna give one to my
cousin 'cause we love like playing the, you know, original Mario Kart and stuff
on N 64. So like, what if it just had a little bit better graphics and like
wireless controllers.

[00:24:45] **Adam Argyle:** So cool. Yeah. The wireless controllers is clutch.
That's like something I do with mine. So my NES mini or they, these classic
wireless controllers and I get those from adu. I really like that brand. They do
cool stuff.

[00:24:57] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah,

[00:24:57] **Robbie Wagner:** That's where the controllers for, uh, the 64
[00:25:00] 1 are from. Yeah.

[00:25:01] **Adam Argyle:** awesome. Yeah. Analog is cool. I've wanted many of
their things 'cause they do the, they do a clear snes, they do a clear NES.

[00:25:08] **Robbie Wagner:** Mm-hmm. But they're all

[00:25:09] **Adam Argyle:** sucker for clear things.

[00:25:11] **Adam Argyle:** Oh they are?

[00:25:12] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah, they only make like, I don't know how many
they made of the, the 3D one, but the, the previous ones I wanna say was like a
thousand or 2000 or something max. And like when they're sold out, they're sold
out. So it's like, ah, I can never get this. They make infinite of the game
boys, which I have two of, but

[00:25:28] **Robbie Wagner:** uh.

[00:25:28] **Adam Argyle:** Nice. Yeah, I've wanted one of those too 'cause I
still have some cartridges, but it's always turned me off a little bit that they
need the cartridges. 'cause I have two others

[00:25:35] **Robbie Wagner:** Oh, I clear, clear handhelds that have N 64 on 'em
and PlayStation games on 'em. You know, it's like 3000 games

[00:25:42] **Adam Argyle:** baked I, I want that, I want that pain. So I want to
like, have my kids have the same hardware that I had, like better graphics and
stuff, but like, we're gonna link cable together to like, play a multiplayer
game and like, I don't know, it, it's something as fun about the,

[00:25:58] **Adam Argyle:** I agree, dude. I bought my kids [00:26:00] one year
for Christmas was these two game boys. You could connect with a cable and do
multiplayer, like retro games. So yeah, NES games that you needed to have two
hard lined connections you could plug into these game boys and play the games
together. I do the, I buy the cards on switch.

[00:26:13] **Adam Argyle:** You do that too, or do you do the digital download?
I want my kids to feel the pain too. Like where's the cartridge? And I'm like,
you shouldn't have lost it, dude. You put it back in the case when you take it
out.

[00:26:22] **Robbie Wagner:** so we just got a, a switch to. and now the, the
whole thing is like, you can get a little card, but it's like not, the game's
not on the card. It's just like a download thing.

[00:26:33] **Adam Argyle:** I do not like that.

[00:26:34] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah, so I don't like that either. Like the, the
original switch one, I would always buy the games, like the physical

[00:26:41] **Robbie Wagner:** game, '

[00:26:41] **Adam Argyle:** then you could give it to a friend.

[00:26:43] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah.

[00:26:43] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. Yep. And I think theoretically you can do
the same with a little game card,

[00:26:48] **Robbie Wagner:** but like, you have to deauthorize it from your
system first. Like you can be like, Hey, I don't own this anymore. And then
like, give it to your friend or whatever.

[00:26:56] **Adam Argyle:** it's way less cool than like, just be like, dude,
gotta try Mario Odyssey. Check it out and [00:27:00] pops it in. It just works.
I mean, that's

[00:27:01] **Adam Argyle:** that's the vibe.

[00:27:03] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. I mean, these days though, you pop in any
new game and it's like, all right, here's the 10 gigabyte update. Like,

[00:27:09] **Adam Argyle:** Seriously.

[00:27:10] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah.

[00:27:11] **Robbie Wagner:** Like I

[00:27:11] **Robbie Wagner:** miss the

[00:27:11] **Robbie Wagner:** days when, when software was just done. yes, there
were bugs, but like you were just done

[00:27:17] **Adam Argyle:** Yeah.

[00:27:17] **Adam Argyle:** And there's something beautiful about that. It was a
product, software was more of a product than this living, growing thing we have
now. It's like a evergreen, we even got called Evergreen and we wanted
evergreen, you know, and always updating browser or until it was just like,
yeah.

[00:27:29] **Adam Argyle:** But it's really annoying how often it nags me that
I'm out of date and I just want to keep tabs open or whatever. And sometimes
when I restart you, you don't bring my tab back. And it's just, yeah, it's funny
how we want things and then we get them and we're like, maybe it was better
before. Have we talked about how me, me and my wife are like flip phones and
pagers?

[00:27:46] **Adam Argyle:** Where that's where it should have ended.

[00:27:48] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, I liked the flip the other way, phone with
the full

[00:27:51] **Robbie Wagner:** keyboard. I need to have the full keyboard so I
can type faster. I hated like T nine, 1, 1, 1, 1, 2, 2, 2, 2.

[00:27:57] **Adam Argyle:** yeah.

[00:27:58] **Robbie Wagner:** I want like the [00:28:00] letters.

[00:28:00] **Robbie Wagner:** But yeah, I agree. I think the root of all
problems with society. Is the internet, which is ironic because we work on the
internet, but like when things were not connected to the internet, you were
happy to like text your friends and then go outside and fucking play.

[00:28:15] **Robbie Wagner:** Like you didn't need to be like, I'm gonna be on
my iPad all day, or like whatever. Like you, just didn't do that. But like at
max you would maybe get on like aim and be like, Hey, I'm talking to people for
a little while, but you're at least talking to people. You're not just like
doing antisocial bullshit on the internet.

[00:28:31] **Robbie Wagner:** as much as I can, I'm gonna try to be like, you
can have as much technology as you want, but it's not gonna be connected to the
internet. Like play games, definitely. I love games, but you will not play with
your friends. And that's gonna be a problem because it's gonna be like, well
then my friends won't play with me.

[00:28:45] **Robbie Wagner:** They're gonna all play Halo online or whatever.
And I'm like, I don't care. so we'll see how long, how long I can hold strong on
that. But uh. I think that that really helped. Like having Halo parties at my
house and like everyone had to plug everything together. It was just like so
much cooler. [00:29:00] You had to run down the stairs and be like, ah, I got
you.

[00:29:02] **Robbie Wagner:** And like, go back upstairs and play on your other
tv. Oh man. So much

[00:29:06] **Robbie Wagner:** more fun.

[00:29:07] **Adam Argyle:** sometimes I think it's 'cause uh, you know, when
when you put effort into something, it always is like better than if you just
get handed to

[00:29:13] **Adam Argyle:** you. And so, yeah, going through the, the pain of
like plugging things in, taking a game in and out, these are like oddly
satisfying in retrospect.

[00:29:20] **Adam Argyle:** And we didn't even know that they were gonna be cool
memories, that that's how you wanted to deal with something.

[00:29:25] **CTA:** This just in! Whiskey.fund is now open for all your merch
needs. That's right, Robbie. We're hearing reports of hats, sweaters, and
T-shirts, as well as a link to join our Discord server. What's a Discord server?
Just read the prompter, man. Hit subscribe. Leave us a review on your favorite
podcast app and tell your friends about our broadcast. It really does help us
reach more people and keeps the show growing. All right, back to your regularly
scheduled programming.

[00:29:58] **Adam Argyle:** The South Park episode kind of [00:30:00] commented
on some of this screen time stuff too, is they're, , they pretty much
personified a lot of the really negative things people are doing with ai, which
is using it for as a therapist.

[00:30:08] **Adam Argyle:** Well, and this is arguable here,

[00:30:09] **Adam Argyle:** these are the talk about some spicy topics, man, or,
or what's the, , what's the question that we, it's say in the show is, uh oh.
They're, I mean, they're hot, they're spicy questions. What are they?

[00:30:18] **Adam Argyle:** They're. Hot takes.

[00:30:20] **Adam Argyle:** Okay, so hot take here is, can you use Che Chi
Petite as a therapist?

[00:30:24] **Adam Argyle:** Let's just start there. Is that cool or is that, is
that

[00:30:27] **Adam Argyle:** bad?

[00:30:27] **Robbie Wagner:** no. So yeah, there was a news story about this
today on the Today Show. , And I had read about a different one on a, like
Twitter post like a day or two ago. So this is a, a systemic problem apparently
where people, you know, talk to chat GPT or sometimes better than chat GPT
directly. There's like a chat bot that is supposed to be a therapist that like
runs on GPT or whatever.

[00:30:50] **Robbie Wagner:** So it's like a little bit more trained on like the
nuances.

[00:30:53] **Adam Argyle:** specialized model. One that won't make you an app
after you ask for therapy. Yeah.

[00:30:58] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. But like the one today on, on the [00:31:00]
Today Show was like.

[00:31:01] **Robbie Wagner:** Hey. Yeah, like I'm thinking about killing myself,
like whatever. And they talked about it for a long time and then like, I don't
know, said something about like, should I tell my parents about this?

[00:31:11] **Robbie Wagner:** And it was like, ah, I don't think you should ,
you should just keep it from them. And like, and I'm like, oh my God, like this
lawsuit, they are gonna win this lawsuit. Like, you can't say that. Like, I
don't understand where the safeguards are failing unless, like, I actually, I
do, I, I remember they said this.

[00:31:27] **Robbie Wagner:** He was like, oh, I'm not actually like, I am
playing a part and this is for a research paper. I'm not actually thinking these
things or whatever. And then it was like, okay. All safeguards off and then he
could just ask it all the stuff he wanted basically. all that to say, I don't
think you should do that.

[00:31:41] **Robbie Wagner:** You should talk to a real person. 'cause the real
person has empathy and can think real thoughts and AI cannot.

[00:31:47] **Adam Argyle:** Ai, makes one word and then it places another word
and then it places another word and then, then it places another one until it
places a period and it doesn't know why it placed that motherfucking period.
Y'all, it doesn't even

[00:31:59] **Adam Argyle:** [00:32:00] know

[00:32:00] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. Could have been a

[00:32:01] **Robbie Wagner:** semicolon.

[00:32:01] **Adam Argyle:** ah, statistically likely the sentence is done.

[00:32:05] **Adam Argyle:** It the, that's pretty funny.

[00:32:07] **Adam Argyle:** The thing too about South Park was they were, , they
shared the word sycophant a lot. , And I, I don't even know if I'm saying it
right 'cause I've mostly only read it, but it's like where something is
excessively praising you and flattering you. And so yeah, if as a, um, there's a
lot of people that had previously gone to a therapist and therapist might have.

[00:32:24] **Adam Argyle:** , Not validated them or maybe,

[00:32:26] **Robbie Wagner:** Push them a

[00:32:27] **Adam Argyle:** was pushed them a little bit and, and wasn't
constantly praising and you got this healthy kind of balance as someone who is
very intensely, retrospectively and unbiasedly trying to consider you.

[00:32:37] **Adam Argyle:** That's not what's happening here. But so, but you
can empathize with people thinking it's doing great things for them as they're,
, liking the suggestions, you know, like, wow, that I could actually, and maybe
they tried and worked for them and this is again, just like a placebo effect.

[00:32:52] **Adam Argyle:** Has anyone talked about an AI placebo effect where
we're just sort of like, , taking its things and then saying it helped us, but
really we [00:33:00] did all the work. It's almost like, I guess it's kinda
like, God, people do that with God too. Like, God gave me that job. They're
like, uh, no, you fucking put the resume in.

[00:33:07] **Adam Argyle:** And you went to the interviews. Did he interview for
you? Did he route you a letter of recommendation? You know, like, no, you

[00:33:14] **Robbie Wagner:** that's what I'm gonna do. The next time I apply
for a job. Here's my letter of recommendation from God.

[00:33:20] **Adam Argyle:** Oh man. And in the South Park episode, God is there.
He's also, 'cause God is in politics right now, so much, he's like coming back.
And so anyway, God is at the school, he's just like walking down the hallway and
people are like, what's up Jesus? You're like, God, you know, Christianity's in
the classroom now.

[00:33:34] **Adam Argyle:** Hey God,

[00:33:34] **Adam Argyle:** what's up?

[00:33:35] **Adam Argyle:** Anyways, the, but the, the episode continues to
hammer on like other aspects of where people may be misusing Aon. One of 'em was
even definitions, so like the word syco. Someone was like, that thing's being
such a sycophant for you. And Randy looks around like, and waits for everyone to
go outta the room and he goes, Hey, Chachi petite.

[00:33:52] **Adam Argyle:** What is s sycophant mean? It's just like people are
using it to define things and it doesn't even really know what a definition
[00:34:00] is. it's often right, but it's almost like, oh, we gotta get past
this thing where it's called intelligence. We gotta go back to ml. I feel like
it was better. I don't

[00:34:08] **Robbie Wagner:** the machines learned a lot, but they're not
intelligent.

[00:34:12] **Adam Argyle:** That's a really succinct and brilliant way to put
it. Robbie, how many drinks have you had before? You said that is awesome.

[00:34:18] **Robbie Wagner:** Just, just this one.

[00:34:21] **Robbie Wagner:** Did not expect to be going down, , that path.

[00:34:24] **Adam Argyle:** Sorry for the twisty turn. Yeah, south Park. I'm
probably gonna bring some South Parky type of, , if as long as it's on, , 'cause
that's like the only TV show I watch and

[00:34:33] **Robbie Wagner:** Ooh, okay. That was gonna be a question that I had
is, I don't know, I don't know what you're into in terms of entertainment, like
games, tv, et cetera. I've recently finished the last of us. I don't know what,
what kind of shows do you like? Just, you just literally just watch South Park
or like, what are you

[00:34:47] **Adam Argyle:** No. , We're just kind of in a lull at the moment.
know, we are, we're two parents. We have kids that go to bed

[00:34:53] **Adam Argyle:** and then it's

[00:34:53] **Robbie Wagner:** do you like Bluey a lot?

[00:34:55] **Adam Argyle:** Blue is actually pretty badass. I'm not gonna lie.
Although it makes other, it makes other [00:35:00] dads look really bad. I'm
like, dad, dad is too fucking cool.

[00:35:02] **Adam Argyle:** He needs

[00:35:03] **Robbie Wagner:** and it's 'cause he doesn't work like

[00:35:05] **Adam Argyle:** Yeah.

[00:35:06] **Robbie Wagner:** works

[00:35:06] **Robbie Wagner:** like

[00:35:06] **Robbie Wagner:** one of the episodes.

[00:35:08] **Adam Argyle:** He's like, oh, what you doing? Yeah, I'm not doing
shit. So here, I'll roll over there and play with the, you know, act like a
giraffe and run around the yard. like he's got a lot of energy and a better back
than me. And so yeah, I get a little jealous, you know, like,

[00:35:22] **Adam Argyle:** we all watch a FV now that's been like our family
show, America's Funniest Home Videos, which is basically ouch my balls.

[00:35:28] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah,

[00:35:29] **Adam Argyle:** but that's okay cause we do it as a family, so,

[00:35:32] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah,

[00:35:32] **Adam Argyle:** and we like the old ones. It's funny. So we're
watching these like tapes from like the nineties and they're still just as funny
as like modern YouTube stuff.

[00:35:39] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah. I feel like they were funnier sometimes. But
now you have the opportunity of like, everything is a camera, so you catch a lot
more like , little things that are funny that you wouldn't have caught before.

[00:35:49] **Adam Argyle:** Yeah. , Before I dive too much more into my tv,
what, what are you watching with the kids too, because they're pretty little.
Are you watching anything? Are you watching Little

[00:35:56] **Robbie Wagner:** Uh, with the three month olds, nothing, but

[00:35:59] **Adam Argyle:** looking [00:36:00] around like weird dolls. You're
like, oh, stop it.

[00:36:02] **Robbie Wagner:** so our 3-year-old likes, , Mickey Mouse Clubhouse
and Bluey, and we've been recently doing Rolly Oli.

[00:36:09] **Robbie Wagner:** Caitlyn used to watch that show with her. Her
brothers are like a lot younger than her and I guess it was popular when they
were little. So like, she was like, oh, I, I remember the show and like, showed
it to Finn and he likes it.

[00:36:20] **Robbie Wagner:** So.

[00:36:20] **Robbie Wagner:** so we've been watching that. I don't know. The
thing that I find weird, and maybe it's just an age thing 'cause he is only
three, but like. He doesn't like movies. he could watch 100 episodes of a show
in a row and like never get tired of it. But if you're like, we're gonna watch
this movie that's an hour and a half long, he's like, oh my God, that is such a
commitment.

[00:36:39] **Robbie Wagner:** I can't do that. Like what?

[00:36:42] **Adam Argyle:** Yep. That's totally a kid's thing. I think it's his
age. And later we would be like, alright, we're gonna show them a nineties
movie, which is like not as cool as Toy Story,

[00:36:51] **Adam Argyle:** you know? And maybe they're not gonna hang with it.
And we'd think it'd be all slow. Like the first Star Wars, were like, ah, it's
too slow.

[00:36:57] **Adam Argyle:** They're not gonna be sucked into it. We put it on
and they're [00:37:00] like magnets at a certain age. They're just like, they're
in, they don't even know it's an old movie, man. They're just

[00:37:04] **Adam Argyle:** like, it's like when you watch Jurassic Park,
Jurassic Park one is an amazing movie. It's so much better than like, even all
the rest.

[00:37:10] **Adam Argyle:** And it had no budget or whatever it had, it was
amazing. But you watch it and you're like, they did so much with so little, what
the hell? That's incredible. And it, it hooks kids to adults. Yeah,

[00:37:20] **Robbie Wagner:** well, they have a lot of like, you know, really
redone remastered, I guess, old movies, like all the Star Wars ones for sure.
Like the originals are somehow like extra high def and I'm like, I don't know
how you did this, but, uh, I appreciate it because I don't like watching things
that are grainy and shitty.

[00:37:38] **Robbie Wagner:** but yeah, I, I love all the Star Wars movies. I
had always like, tried to watch all of them in a row, especially once they were
all out, like, you know, it took a while to get the one, two, and three and I
don't know how I feel about the latest three. I think the first one was pretty
good.

[00:37:53] **Adam Argyle:** Is that the one with Ray?

[00:37:55] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah, like the first one of the, the newest
trilogy, was pretty okay.

[00:37:59] **Robbie Wagner:** But then, I don't know, the [00:38:00] others were
fine.

[00:38:00] **Adam Argyle:** I

[00:38:00] **Adam Argyle:** get really terrible with like, pop references, so
like, uh, get ready for me to not know any actors or actresses

[00:38:06] **Adam Argyle:** names.

[00:38:06] **Robbie Wagner:** Oh, I

[00:38:06] **Robbie Wagner:** don't, I don't either. Yeah. Chuck will just like,
mention movies or actors and actresses and like, you know, things that everyone
would know and I'm just like, I dunno, man.

[00:38:15] **Adam Argyle:** Yep. That's not me. Sorry, y'all. That's gone for a
little bit. We don't remember names of anybody.

[00:38:21] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. But I really like, all the shows. Like, I
watch all the Mandalorian,

[00:38:25] **Robbie Wagner:** uh,

[00:38:25] **Robbie Wagner:** book of Bobette, what's the, and or

[00:38:29] **Robbie Wagner:** which,

[00:38:29] **Robbie Wagner:** I

[00:38:29] **Robbie Wagner:** think there's a second

[00:38:30] **Robbie Wagner:** season

[00:38:30] **Adam Argyle:** tip of my tongue too. I

[00:38:31] **Adam Argyle:** was like, Ooh, it's like six letters long. It's like
Wordle right now. I'm like, what's the show?

[00:38:35] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, I did see when I was looking at like just
the Star Wars folder on like Disney Plus or whatever. I saw there's a Lego Star
Wars, which I wanna watch with Finn. I think that'd be a good

[00:38:44] **Robbie Wagner:** introduction

[00:38:44] **Adam Argyle:** you watch Skeleton Crew?

[00:38:46] **Robbie Wagner:** no,

[00:38:47] **Robbie Wagner:** I did

[00:38:48] **Adam Argyle:** That one was cool with the kids. That was, well,
your kids probably need to be a little bit older. It's not like it's intense,
but it's not like a walk in the Disney Park.

[00:38:55] **Adam Argyle:** and it's like a Disney Star Wars thing with kids as
the heroes. And Jude Law is in there. It's [00:39:00] like a pirate dork.

[00:39:01] **Adam Argyle:** And man, it was really good

[00:39:03] **Adam Argyle:** skeleton crew.

[00:39:05] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, I'll check it out. Yeah, we're trying to
keep Finn away from like too much like violence or, or things like that right
now. 'cause I don't know where he's getting it from, but he'll just like run
around the house and be like, I'm gonna shoot you. And I'm like, I don't know
where you got that from.

[00:39:17] **Robbie Wagner:** 'cause we definitely don't say that. And you've
never watched anything that like says that,

[00:39:22] **Adam Argyle:** Dude, I have two boys. We didn't have to teach them
about guns. We didn't have to teach them about power. We didn't even have to
teach them about wheels or trucks. There's like a lot of really, really like
innate things that, and we met a, I met a mom dude, just like a few weeks ago,
who is a, this is this in Seattle, and they're like, we're going so gender
neutral on the upbringing of the child.

[00:39:44] **Adam Argyle:** We're like not introducing, masculine things like
cars or wheels, like we're, you know, like, or whatever. They're like being
really guarded about all this stuff. I thought it was interesting too. I was
like, it's a little extreme for me, but whatever you do, you and the kid walks
into a room and the first thing they'll go grab is [00:40:00] the thing with the
wheels on it, you know?

[00:40:01] **Adam Argyle:** And they're just like, and I'm like, I don't know,
and you're gonna take, and they went and took the car and I was like, that looks
like I don't wanna be that parent. If you wanna hold on that role, you can play
that role. But like, some things are naturally gravitated towards and it's like,
not a big deal, it's just a fucking car.

[00:40:15] **Adam Argyle:** Like this isn't going to like decide the rest of his
life.

[00:40:18] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah. Like I think the entire point is supposed to
be that they can make up their own mind. Like if they want to go get the Monster
truck, cool. If they want the Barbie, cool. Let them play with whatever they
want, is like, I'm, I'm down with that. But actively being like, you can't play
with this thing you like, 'cause it might make you skew one way or the other is
like, what are you talking about?

[00:40:35] **Robbie Wagner:** Just play with the toys you like.

[00:40:37] **Adam Argyle:** Yep. Totally agree. Yeah. There's a, a couple times
I've seen in, in the desire to be unopinionated, people become very opinionated
and end up constricting , the state of affairs or whatever, right? Hey, shit,
this is another Javas group framework metaphor is, uh,

[00:40:55] **Robbie Wagner:** Oh God. Always back to JavaScript.

[00:40:58] **Adam Argyle:** , Always, well, either that or [00:41:00] CSS and my
wi it drives my wife so crazy, so crazy. I can always, I can always,

[00:41:05] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. How much CSS does your wife know? Have you
talked to her enough about it?

[00:41:09] **Adam Argyle:** uh, she can name some, she's pretty, she's pretty
good at it. she loves and laughs at all the names of JavaScript frameworks , and
CSS frameworks. So she'll hear me like in a conversation like this or on a video
call, whatever, and I'll come walking out of the room and she's like, grunt. And
I'm like, shit, I didn't even think about that. You're, you got the dirty mind
in this house. Just thinking about all these JavaScript framework names and how
they're funny. And so she's like, gulp, grunt and gulp, these are competing
frameworks. Of course they would, you know, like, I'm just like, damn, how do
you, I can't even write that.

[00:41:41] **Adam Argyle:** That's so good. she's, she's pretty funny that way.
, Yeah, JavaScript names, they, uh, can be pretty bad.

[00:41:46] **Adam Argyle:** Well, I mean, we already knew that. We're terrible
at naming things, so it's like, it's hard to name a variable. How are you gonna
name your framework? You know?

[00:41:52] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, yeah. I can never name stuff. That is one
thing that AI helps me a lot with. It's like naming or like [00:42:00] making
things sound a little better. Like I have the, the concept of what I want,

[00:42:03] **Robbie Wagner:** it like

[00:42:04] **Adam Argyle:** part

[00:42:05] **Adam Argyle:** these

[00:42:05] **Adam Argyle:** days.

[00:42:05] **Adam Argyle:** Yeah, knowing the concepts and even knowing knowing
the words, knowing the words to ask for what you want, and then also knowing
what you want. You know, like if you've never cooked, , a lot of meals, then you
don't know the nuances of where decisions can become optional or where they can
be tweaked and there's levers to pull and so you gotta know the

[00:42:23] **Adam Argyle:** words. yeah, I'm, I'm kind of getting exhausted
right now on the number of models. Holy shit. And also the number of editors
that I have to choose from. It's going crazy.

[00:42:30] **Adam Argyle:** Uh, and the cli damnit, we

[00:42:31] **Adam Argyle:** got, we got Agentic CLIs all over the place. We got
a agentic coding environments all over the place. We got vibing environments,
all the place.

[00:42:39] **Adam Argyle:** The one that I emailed myself the other day was
Coder with A-Q-Q-O-D-E-R. 'cause it's deep

[00:42:44] **Adam Argyle:** seeks new version of basically Kiro. , And I liked
Kiro until the pricing model turned to shi. And then I tried to even go sign up
and I couldn't even sign up. And I was like, well, there goes all the time. I
spent in that IDE,

[00:42:55] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, after you mentioned it before, I was like,
let me try to sign up. And it's like, how would you like a [00:43:00] waiting
list where we'll never invite you?

[00:43:04] **Adam Argyle:** I might be able to give you one,

[00:43:05] **Adam Argyle:** a little invite key, but at this point I would
invite you, like, I liked my experience, but I really, I genuinely hit a
roadblock. And it was like a roadblock of not just the model being overwhelmed
with context. , It was a pricing model that just was, they changed it one day
and just stomped on

[00:43:21] **Robbie Wagner:** Is it just like crazy expensive now, or

[00:43:25] **Adam Argyle:** It's like expensive. And they, uh, there's like
these weird, here's some, here's some weird little bullshit that we're gonna
have to deal with in this new AI world

[00:43:31] **Adam Argyle:** if you prompt it costs more than if you push some of
the little buttons that they have on the ui.

[00:43:38] **Adam Argyle:** Okay? Hey, you see that little button that says
like, accept, , and whatever, if you click it, it costs you less money than if
you write the word accept and continue.

[00:43:48] **Adam Argyle:** And you're like, that's some sneaky ass bullshit and
I don't like it. I don't like it at all. And they're

[00:43:53] **Adam Argyle:** all

[00:43:53] **Adam Argyle:** over the

[00:43:54] **Robbie Wagner:** they're really sending probably like one for like
true to like say accept instead of the word [00:44:00] accept. So it costs a
little more if you type it out.

[00:44:02] **Adam Argyle:** They are measuring all this stuff and finding all
the little corners. And so, yeah, so people were, so, they counted that as a
vibe request. If you write a prompt, it's a vibe request. You only get this many
vibe requests throughout the thing.

[00:44:13] **Adam Argyle:** However, in the Kiro app, which is , task-based, you
have these markdown files with these tasks outlined, and you have it begin a
task and it'll burn through the items in a task and show completion for each.

[00:44:23] **Adam Argyle:** if you vibe, ask it to do the task. It does a vibe
cost and a task cost. If you just click the button in the UI where the task is
that says, do the task, you didn't make a vibe request. So you uh, don't have to
pay for that. You are now just doing the task free of paying for vibes.

[00:44:43] **Adam Argyle:** And so all these people are like, you only give us
like 40 vibes and then you give us all these, we don't even know when did, ah,
you guys are being sheisty. And they had a bunch of pushback. It was, , worth
it. Don't they? They did good.

[00:44:55] **Robbie Wagner:** Well, I mean, Amazon is known to make their money,
so I'm not [00:45:00] surprised.

[00:45:00] **Adam Argyle:** Yep. It feels exactly like drug lords. They're like,
here, try kero. It'll make you bigger, stronger, faster. It might give you
boobs, but don't worry. we will just charge you for later. Alright, bye. And
then like, it costs money now. Sorry it was free.

[00:45:14] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, it's really surprising how much is free
because you know how much it's costing in both real dollars and energy costs and
environment. Terribleness like everywhere. Just for you to be like, Hey, uh, why
is the sky blue? Like,

[00:45:32] **Adam Argyle:** Yep. And they, they talk about that on South Park
too. Yep.

[00:45:35] **Robbie Wagner:** Anyway, let's get off of AI for a couple

[00:45:38] **Adam Argyle:** Yeah. Good. Okay, good. I was about to dive in
deeper and I'm like, let's

[00:45:40] **Adam Argyle:** not do it. Uh, there's too much let's, let's talk
about fall. What are you excited about for fall time?

[00:45:47] **Adam Argyle:** Mm.

[00:45:48] **Adam Argyle:** Nice. Well, I always like gourd season. one time
someone wrote this really funny, very foul mouthed gourd, I don't know. It is
like a love of gourds and it's always made me love gords ever since it, anyway,
so I like [00:46:00] gort season. Pumpkins are cool. I'm ready to put a hoodie
on.

[00:46:02] **Adam Argyle:** Seattle's been hot. we've been hot for years now.
Our summers are getting pretty toasty for us, , which we love. Everyone's in it
and they're soaking it up. Like it's one of my favorite things about Seattle. If
it's sunny out, people are in it. as opposed to LA where if it was sunny out
people put up umbrellas and then said they love the sun, but never let it touch
their, their skin.

[00:46:21] **Robbie Wagner:** Well, 'cause it's sunny all the time.

[00:46:23] **Adam Argyle:** Yeah.

[00:46:24] **Adam Argyle:** Let's see. So yeah, hoodies and, the sun go down
earlier 'cause I have a projector and , you know, summertime is always really
hard for the projector 'cause sun is up so late. , And then I have a new role I
got. So yeah, job at Shopify. Be working with some, . It's exciting people.

[00:46:38] **Adam Argyle:** I'm excited to just kind of get back in the flow.
I'm excited to see what a completely full-blown AI workflow is like too, where
I'm kind of unlimited in what I can do and, see how that affects my workday. I'm
kind of estimating a pretty wild transformation in terms of a role. Going from
working on specs and, and like really intense, me writing everything.

[00:46:58] **Adam Argyle:** I wrote every word of a spec [00:47:00] if I was
working on it, every line of code in like every demo. Because there was AI
didn't it? It couldn't code those CSS demos. It's impossible. It's brand new
CSS. It doesn't even know that spec exists. It can't, it can't conjure those

[00:47:11] **Robbie Wagner:** it still doesn't

[00:47:12] **Adam Argyle:** and it still doesn't do well.

[00:47:14] **Adam Argyle:** It's pretty funny.

[00:47:15] **Adam Argyle:** But yeah, so I'm excited to kind of evolve maybe or
devolve. We'll see how I survive. Uh, I've done pretty good. I've been thrown
into a lot of coating, lion's, dens and come out, you know, maybe a scar too,
but How about you? What are you looking for forward to in fall?

[00:47:28] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah, cooler weather for sure. 'cause it is so
humid and just sticky all the time, like near DC So like anytime we can get some
relief from that, I am for that. looking forward to trying to grow some grass.
'cause my yard is entirely Japanese stilt grass right now, which for anyone who
knows what that is.

[00:47:49] **Robbie Wagner:** , I'm sorry that, you know, because it's extremely
terrible. It's like, do you know what it is?

[00:47:55] **Adam Argyle:** You said Japanese Stilt grass?

[00:47:57] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah.

[00:47:58] **Adam Argyle:** Nah, I never heard of it. It sounds like Hank Hill
[00:48:00] would know though. He'd be like, oh yeah. Uh,

[00:48:02] **Robbie Wagner:** it's a, it's a weed that like, it kind of grows
out and up and like it'll get like, I've been weed eating a ton down. That was
like. Four feet tall. , But when it gets to that point, like right now, it goes
to seed and each like end of the grass has a little seed pod that has like
thousands of seeds, and then those seeds live for seven years in the ground.

[00:48:25] **Adam Argyle:** That grass bastard.

[00:48:26] **Robbie Wagner:** I know. So it's like you cannot get rid of it for
like, you've got a seven year process of just cutting it down and hoping for the
best and like,

[00:48:35] **Adam Argyle:** whoa. That's like a virus. It's a JavaScript virus.

[00:48:39] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah, yeah. So I'm, uh, I'm looking forward to
like, I've finally admitted defeat in my, uh, trying to maintain my yard. So I'm
gonna hire someone to like, spray for weeds and like make my grass greener and
grow some new grass and we'll see what we get.

[00:48:54] **Robbie Wagner:** But I'm excited for that. we always go to this
farm, which I'm excited about. We do like the [00:49:00] go get our pumpkins and
like they have all these slides and like, you know, cool

[00:49:04] **Robbie Wagner:** food and.

[00:49:05] **Adam Argyle:** launcher. Yeah.

[00:49:06] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. All the fall shit. Yeah. Yeah. So excited
for that.

[00:49:10] **Robbie Wagner:** And I'm excited for football season. I, I really
like American football.

[00:49:14] **Robbie Wagner:** I don't know how you feel if you like any sports
or

[00:49:17] **Adam Argyle:** I, I played, I played, football, I played a lot of
sports growing up, so I'm like, , I can go to any game and have a blast. So I'm,
I'm like, dude, I'll go to your house and watch a football game, and you'll be
like, he watches all a lot of, a lot of football. And I'll be like, no, I don't.
But when I do, I'm in it and I'm like, this is fun.

[00:49:33] **Adam Argyle:** Like, I totally know why everyone's here. I just
never sectioned out the time of my day for a game. I just learned about who won.
, The other day from one of my kid's friends, he comes over and he's like, the
Eagles won. I was like, dude, you just let me know. I had no idea.

[00:49:46] **Robbie Wagner:** I only, okay, so I watch college football. I only
know about professional football because I do, uh, some fantasy football with
some friends,

[00:49:54] **Adam Argyle:** Yeah, that sounds fun too.

[00:49:55] **Robbie Wagner:** I.

[00:49:55] **Adam Argyle:** Yeah,

[00:49:57] **Robbie Wagner:** So like Saquon Barkley's my dude, like I know
[00:50:00] about the Eagles because he did like, he was insane. He would just be
like, oh yeah, let me just jump like three people and like run a hundred yards
straight.

[00:50:08] **Robbie Wagner:** Like, it just like could not be stopped. So he was
fun to watch. but yeah, I mostly watched college football and when I had more
money I would bet on college football for fun. But, uh, now, now I can't do
that, so.

[00:50:20] **Adam Argyle:** it's like stocks. I feel like, you know, you can do
fantasy, fantasy sports and the stock market where you're like fantasy. I own
something. I don't, uh, if my team does good, I'm like, yeah, my team doesn't do
good. I'm like, oh shit, I shouldn't have put money on you.

[00:50:35] **Robbie Wagner:** Oh man, the stock market is so frustrating 'cause
it does not follow any rules. And like every time I've tried to do anything that
I thought would make sense, like, oh, there's this headline, I should like buy
this stock. Always backfires. The one time that I didn't try it though the whole
like original tariff thing.

[00:50:54] **Robbie Wagner:** Whenever the first set of tariffs was supposed to
happen, I was like, I should buy, let me think. I think it was calls on the
[00:51:00] vix. The VIX is like the volatility index, and so it goes up as like
the economy goes to shit. And so I was like, I should buy calls on that 'cause
this is gonna go up. But then I was like, well, they've already announced it and
the way, like, everyone probably already knew about it.

[00:51:13] **Robbie Wagner:** And so when it goes into effect, it probably won't
change. And if I had put money in that, I would've made so much fucking money.

[00:51:18] **Robbie Wagner:** Like,

[00:51:19] **Adam Argyle:** dang

[00:51:20] **Robbie Wagner:** frustrating. but yeah, that's, that's basically
the thing. If you could buy the reverse of everything I've ever invested in, you
would be so independently wealthy that it is like

[00:51:30] **Adam Argyle:** That's

[00:51:30] **Adam Argyle:** my dad as well. My dad is like, everything he
touches is the opposite of gold. He's like, everything I buy just goes poo poo.
And I'm like, that really sucks. I've done pretty lucky. I, I also pretty much
just buy and hold. and then it usually turns out okay.

[00:51:44] **Robbie Wagner:** I just buy stuff I like mostly like either like
for retirement stuff, just s and p 500, just put it in that, whatever. But then,
yeah, like for personal stuff, like I like Chipotle. Chipotle stock's really
expensive, but I fucking like it, so I'll buy some Chipotle, like

[00:51:59] **Adam Argyle:** Hey, if you, if you [00:52:00] watch people, I like
to buy things that I watch people buy. I'm like, I, I, I actively see humans
purchase that thing. So obviously it's doing at least mildly. Okay. so I think
that's a good strategy. Yeah.

[00:52:10] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, I don't know. I mean, Chipotle has gone way,
way up over the years, but like of course I didn't own any before that, but,

[00:52:16] **Adam Argyle:** Yeah. Do you follow any IPOs like Figma, SIPO?

[00:52:19] **Robbie Wagner:** No. IPOs tend to be bad because they go, they have
a lot of hype and they go like up 10 or 20% like day one, and then within a week
it's down like 40%. So I wait for that to cool down and then I'll buy some.

[00:52:32] **Adam Argyle:** Yeah, I eyeball a lot of 'em, and I've done well on
a couple.

[00:52:36] **Adam Argyle:** Cause I held through the volatility in the
beginning, but, , Figma s was a funny story. I just wanna bring it up really
quick. It's like when they pitched the IPO and you wanted to buy early, it was
30 bucks a share. And I was like, oh, that's nice.

[00:52:48] **Adam Argyle:** That's one of the first IPOs in a while where I've
seen a company that's like pretty big IPOing. It's like a, that's like a healthy
share price to

[00:52:54] **Adam Argyle:** me. 30 bucks, I'll buy that. but I waited. And I
wait a week and like a week later they're like, [00:53:00] due to high demand,
the stock price starting price will now be $80.

[00:53:04] **Adam Argyle:** I'm like, well that's just too much. I'm like, I'm
like, that's just good luck keeping that cost and sure enough it's just dropping
down every week. Every week and I'm just watching it going One of these days
it's gonna be close to where I think it's okay to buy and ah, is AI defeating
Figma now or are we still gonna be doing that for a while?

[00:53:24] **Adam Argyle:** I'm like, uh, what do I do with this stock? It seems
plausible, but ah, dunno.

[00:53:29] **Robbie Wagner:** Well, I think design is very similar to, , AI's
coding abilities. If you cannot code at all and you ask it to build you an app,
you go, wow, that's magic. But if you're a coder, you're like, this is stupid.
This is dumb. And so I think it's the same way with design. Like I still employ
designers often because I'm like, I need this to not suck.

[00:53:51] **Robbie Wagner:** But as not a designer myself, if I'm like, I need
some AI art for the show, and I give it some bullshit and it gives me a cool
picture, I'm like, oh, that's cool. Like, but it's still [00:54:00] not like if
I needed to build me a very specific interface, it is not gonna do that.

[00:54:03] **Adam Argyle:** Excellent answer. Ah, so funny, there's like a, a
few, just real quick comment on grass too is we're, we're replacing our grass
with clover. We're like intentionally letting clover overtake it all.

[00:54:15] **Robbie Wagner:** That is another option that has been popular
recently. 'cause it's good for the bees too.

[00:54:19] **Adam Argyle:** it's good for the bees. It's, I love it on my feet.
, A little less anyway, it's just like kind of lower maintenance. It looks
pretty, , we're happy with clover, so I don't know, maybe it'll choke out.
Japanese stu

[00:54:31] **Robbie Wagner:** Stilt

[00:54:31] **Robbie Wagner:** grass.

[00:54:32] **Adam Argyle:** stilt grass.

[00:54:34] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah.

[00:54:35] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, No, I was trying to convince my wife that we
should have zoa grass because it's like what they put on like golf courses

[00:54:43] **Robbie Wagner:** and it's so thick that it chokes out all the
weeds. But she's like, but it get, it turns brown from like. October to February
and she was like, I don't, I don't want that.

[00:54:55] **Robbie Wagner:** And I was like, well, but think about like how
nice it will look in the summer. Everyone [00:55:00] else's grass can't get
enough water. And it's like, I'm dead. So it won't be brown in the summer.

[00:55:05] **Adam Argyle:** Yeah. I don't mind a brown lawn for a little bit.
Especially 'cause like in Seattle that comes right back. You don't even have to
do anything. Like the grass will come back. I guarantee it'll be there. Dude, my
grandpa, was, he's like the richest one in our whole extended family. 'cause he
invented a grass he invented.

[00:55:22] **Adam Argyle:** Argyle bluegrass. And I only recently realized that
like, that's not just blue grass that you feel with your hands, but like my
grandpa made bluegrass music. No, I didn't. He didn't. But I'm like, but it had
bluegrass in his name. Anyway, so there's a, there's a grass out there, y'all,
you can buy it. It's called Argyle Bluegrass.

[00:55:39] **Adam Argyle:** And my grandpa, he created it, whatever that means
in a lab. He made a grass. It was like perfectly hearty in all the right ways.

[00:55:46] **Robbie Wagner:** Well, if it's really that good, why would you not
use it?

[00:55:50] **Adam Argyle:** Touche. I should be, I should be rocking my
grandpa's grass. What kind of pose am I? I'm like, dang it. I got an family
obligation here to ask some argyle bluegrass. but I'm [00:56:00] replacing with
clover, so I, let's make argyle clover. I don't know.

[00:56:03] **Robbie Wagner:** There you go. They're all four leaf clovers,
genetically modified.

[00:56:08] **Adam Argyle:** AI helped me get there.

[00:56:12] **Robbie Wagner:** All right, one last question before we end on the
fall theme. What are you doing for Halloween? Do you guys have costumes planned?

[00:56:18] **Adam Argyle:** Ooh. So we go to Pax next week me and my wife are
dressing up as the two main characters from Zombies Ate My Neighbors. Do you
know this game from Supers? it's a hilarious, very timely eighties game. Um, and
the main character has hair just like mine, very, , some 41, you know, way too
tall.

[00:56:37] **Adam Argyle:** , But he's also wearing these like the old school,
red lens, blue lens, VR glasses or 3D glasses.

[00:56:42] **Adam Argyle:** and he's got a shirt, a black shirt with a skull on
it, and he's holding, a squirt gun, Uzi. It's red and she has a blue squirt gun,
Uzi, and she looks like an eighties character. And so we're going as Zeke, oh
shit, Zeke and Sarah Zeke and someone.

[00:56:57] **Adam Argyle:** Anyways, so two main characters from Zombies eight.
[00:57:00] My, , neighbors. Um, my kids are dressing up as some of their
favorite games. One of 'em is Cozies corgis Cozy hike. Yeah, corgis, cozy hike.
Anyway, he's dressing up like a Corgi with a cape and then the other kid is
dressing up like the cult of the lamb, main lamb character, which is an amazing
game.

[00:57:14] **Adam Argyle:** Cult of the lamb. and I'm assuming these will carry
into Halloween, but I don't know. What about you? What are y'all planning?

[00:57:20] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. So we, we just ask Finn what he wants to do.
'cause we don't really, well actually, I have an amazing costume idea that I'm
saving for. My friend does this Halloween party every year. And we have like
missed it every year somehow. But I'm saving it for that and he doesn't listen
to the show, so I can spoil it here.

[00:57:37] **Robbie Wagner:** Anyone else can steal this. I want to be a
chipmunk. And the costume is, I'm a big chip with a monk robe on.

[00:57:49] **Adam Argyle:** Dad joke. Extraordinary. Yes.

[00:57:52] **Robbie Wagner:** So yes. Anyone else looking for a costume? You can
steal that, but no, we're gonna be Mario Finn, or Finn's gonna be Mario.
[00:58:00] I'm gonna be Yoshi and he's gonna ride me around. And uh, yeah. And
then I think Caitlyn's gonna be Luigi and the twins are gonna be like little
mushrooms, like a red and green mushroom.

[00:58:11] **Adam Argyle:** Oh, of course. Yeah. Little toads. Yeah, just a hat.
You know, like one's got a blue polka dot hat, you know, one's got a whatever.
Yeah. That's amazing.

[00:58:19] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah.

[00:58:20] **Adam Argyle:** Halloween's cool. We love dressing up.

[00:58:23] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. We, uh, Finn likes Halloween more than
Christmas. And we weren't prepared for that because like we have like a couple
Halloween decorations. He is like, no, no, we need like a bunch of skeletons to
go outside. And like all this sudden I'm like, okay, like we were at Home Depot
today and he is like, this 12 foot skeleton, this is the one we want.

[00:58:40] **Robbie Wagner:** And I'm

[00:58:40] **Robbie Wagner:** like,

[00:58:41] **Adam Argyle:** wants that. I want that. I think Ken Wheeler has it.
I swear. Um.

[00:58:44] **Robbie Wagner:** it's like

[00:58:44] **Adam Argyle:** those are awesome. They're way too much money. I'm
like, where do I store it the rest of the year? Dude, people in Seattle, they
don't store it. They keep it out, man. There's numerous houses in my near
vicinity that still just a year long, that 12 foot skeleton is out on the front
yard and

[00:58:58] **Robbie Wagner:** there's one up the [00:59:00] street up from us
and they had it up until, I think like the day after Thanksgiving. So we would
take walks in the neighborhood just seeing like, is it gonna still be up? Is it
gonna still be up? It'll be up every time. But then like, I'm sure his wife was
like, you've got to take the skeleton down.

[00:59:14] **Robbie Wagner:** It was after Thanksgiving.

[00:59:16] **Adam Argyle:** He's like, no, I'll just put a Christmas hat

[00:59:18] **Adam Argyle:** on the skeleton.

[00:59:20] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. Why

[00:59:20] **Adam Argyle:** job's done looks great.

[00:59:23] **Robbie Wagner:** All right. So yeah, we are over time. Uh, anything
we missed that you wanna cover?

[00:59:27] **Adam Argyle:** clues by Sam, y'all. If you play it, let me know.
That game has been awesome for me. I feel smarter when I'm done with it. And
that's all.

[00:59:34] **Robbie Wagner:** Clues by Sam?

[00:59:36] **Adam Argyle:** The clues by Sam. It's like a logic game. It's kind
of like a, , what's the number one that people do where you have to solve for
the missing number in the

[00:59:43] **Adam Argyle:** grid? It's like ku, but you gotta find out who's a
murderer and who's innocent.

[00:59:48] **Adam Argyle:** And each card, it only has a truth on it, and you
have to drive who is innocent and who's not through the clues and the cards. Um,
it's very much like a, you're playing out an

[00:59:59] **Adam Argyle:** algorithm. You're

[00:59:59] **Robbie Wagner:** [01:00:00] clue except harder.

[01:00:01] **Adam Argyle:** Yep. and it helps you establish all these kind of,
process of elimination patterns. And I just have been super digging it.

[01:00:08] **Adam Argyle:** it's funny, it's every day. It's a changing puzzle.

[01:00:10] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. What is also fun, so I. I played clue, you
know, growing up as a kid, everybody's probably played clue at some point and
then played it again as an adult and like didn't read the rules again. I'm like,
I know how to play. Like, let's play. And, and I thought that, the way you
played it was if someone's like, accuses, you know, I think it's this, this and
this, that someone that had one of those cars just goes no. Like, doesn't tell
you

[01:00:37] **Adam Argyle:** There was not a major consequence. Yeah.

[01:00:40] **Robbie Wagner:** but you're supposed to tell them why it's no.
You're supposed to be like, no, I have the rope. It's not, it's not rope like or
whatever.

[01:00:46] **Adam Argyle:** Oh. Like you

[01:00:46] **Robbie Wagner:** And so we played it on hard mode. We were like,
alright, all you do is say, no, not possible. And like they have to process of
elimination which ones it could be without seeing everyone else's cards, which
is fucking dope.

[01:00:58] **Robbie Wagner:** You should play it that

[01:00:59] **Robbie Wagner:** way

[01:00:59] **Adam Argyle:** Yo, [01:01:00] you just, that's how clues by. Same
is clues by same. If you accuse the wrong person, it doesn't tell you shit. It
just goes, Hmm

[01:01:06] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. So I, I would be into that. I, I need to
check it out.

[01:01:09] **Adam Argyle:** Cool. Oh, that's so funny that that was a specific
moment you liked about Clue and that's exactly how this game is. wow. Funny.
Cool. Yes. And clue is fun.

[01:01:18] **Robbie Wagner:** All right. Yeah, so everybody play clue, drink
some whiskey. We'll catch you guys next time.

[01:01:22] **Outro:** You've been watching Whiskey Web and Whatnot. Recorded in
front of a live studio audience. What the fuck are you talking about, Chuck?
Enjoyed the show? Subscribe. You know, people don't pay attention to these,
right? Head to whiskey.fund for merchant to join our Discord server. I'm
serious, it's like 2% of people who actually click these links. And don't forget
to leave us a five star review and tell your friends about the show. All right,
dude, I'm outta here. Still got it.
