[00:00:00] **Intro:** Welcome to Syntax. Welcome to a brand new episode of the
Front End Happy Hour podcast. Welcome to this week's JS Party. Live from Ship
Shape Studios, this is Whiskey Web and Whatnot. With your hosts, Robbie the
Wagner, and me, Charles William Carpenter III. That's right Charles. We drink
whiskey and talk about web development.

[00:00:27] **Intro:** I mean, it's all in the name. It's not that deep. This is
Whiskey Web and Whatnot. Do not adjust your set.

[00:00:36] **Robbie Wagner:** What's up everybody? RobbieTheWagner here,
wanting to invite you to come hang out with us as we record some live podcasts
at All Things Open. It's October 12th to 14th in Raleigh, North Carolina. I know
that's coming up, so hopefully you can still make it there. Would love to see
you there. It's a cool conference.

[00:00:52] **Robbie Wagner:** Has thousands of attendees, over 150 amazing
speakers like Shrudy, Kapo, Jason Langsdorf, Angie Jones, [00:01:00] Taylor
Dein, and Bree Hall, just to name a few. Tons of huge sponsors, a bunch of big
companies you've probably heard of all Giving Away cool swag. Everyone gave away
Lego sets last year. Lots of cool stuff you can get and you can network if you
need a job or just want to hang out.

[00:01:13] **Robbie Wagner:** It's a cool city. Has a lot of good barbecue, a
bow and beer place, and I got fried okra for breakfast once. Even like food's.
Good vibe is good. Definitely recommend you check it out. If you'd like to come
join us, go to whiskey fm slash contact and contact us and we'll give you some
free tickets. We've got 10 free tickets. You can also hit us up on social media
or wherever and um, yeah, we hope to see you there.

[00:01:36] **Chuck Carpenter:** Welcome to My Nightmare. Not really. hey
everyone. You heard a, uh, well, I guess if you are listening to the live have
been watching us on the live stream, you didn't hear anything. Welcome to the
show. Yeah, because the intro for the recorded one says, with your hosts, RobbieTheWagner, and Charles William Carpenter [00:02:00] iii.

[00:02:00] **Chuck Carpenter:** And that's not true today. You are delighted
once again by the presence of Mr. Adam Marga.

[00:02:07] **Adam Argyle:** I hope y'all like this. I'm here again. I'm the
first.

[00:02:11] **Chuck Carpenter:** Mm-hmm. And I was just telling Adam that I feel
like this is an interesting combination. Not that we haven't had this show
together before. We have anyone who heard the, uh, Microsoft Hosted conference,
, interviews.

[00:02:24] **Chuck Carpenter:** That was us.

[00:02:25] **Adam Argyle:** triple or quadruple, whatever it was. Yeah.

[00:02:28] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. And now we are the agents of chaos because
I feel like Robbie is the anchor of like trying to do things right. And, he is
missing because he is, you know, he is taking a vacation. He's by the lake. He
likes to boat. Yeah. Shame. Yeah. So, , yeah. Welcome to my friend and guest
host, , regular host.

[00:02:48] **Chuck Carpenter:** You are not really even a guest host anymore.
You're taking over my job and.

[00:02:51] **Adam Argyle:** regularly hosting. You teased about it. You teased
about me taking Robbie's, job and then now I'm taking your job. I took your job.

[00:02:59] **Chuck Carpenter:** [00:03:00] Yeah. You took my job. , All the
benefits and pay that, go along with it. So there is that, uh, the real star of
the

[00:03:07] **Adam Argyle:** your liver, you know.

[00:03:08] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, the real star of the show today actually,
what's so funny is that this is an elaborate rouse just to see how many fruit
flavored whiskeys we can get in your collection.

[00:03:18] **Adam Argyle:** Seriously.

[00:03:20] **Chuck Carpenter:** I was

[00:03:21] **Adam Argyle:** The last one was good. Pineapple was yummy. And then
I woke up with a headache the next day and I was like,

[00:03:25] **Chuck Carpenter:** Sugar

[00:03:26] **Adam Argyle:** sugar I, that's not normal for me. So I'm gonna
drink less of this one today,

[00:03:31] **Chuck Carpenter:** or adult. We'll see.

[00:03:33] **Chuck Carpenter:** Okay. So, uh, yeah, why don't you introduce your
whiskey and I'll introduce mine and we'll see

[00:03:37] **Adam Argyle:** Yeah, I've got a Jack Daniels, Tennessee apple here,
35% alcohol, 70 proof. and I'm sure it'll be sour. It's green. It's got the
green apple instead of the red apple. You know, like, which, which color of
apple do you prefer, Chuck? Do you like green apples or red apples when it's
candy?

[00:03:54] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh, when it's candy, well,

[00:03:55] **Adam Argyle:** buy a yellow candy apple thing,

[00:03:57] **Chuck Carpenter:** no, no. Yeah. A candy apple I would [00:04:00]
want, I would want a green one. , When you have your apple pie. I like that with
a, a more tart apple, , an apple crumble. Ooh, I can, , fuck with an apple
crumble. , Yeah. I like, I like many apples though, but raw. Just eating an
apple, I would,

[00:04:15] **Adam Argyle:** What's your favorite raw apple

[00:04:16] **Chuck Carpenter:** Honey crisp.

[00:04:17] **Adam Argyle:** honey. Crisp. Nice. Okay.

[00:04:19] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yes. So you,

[00:04:22] **Adam Argyle:** I like Golden Delicious.

[00:04:23] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah. They are those things.

[00:04:25] **Adam Argyle:** Juicy, fluffy. It's great.

[00:04:27] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, that's a, that's a good, excellent choice.
You're an aficionado.

[00:04:30] **Chuck Carpenter:** , Okay. So I am also having some Jack Daniels,
but when I went to the store, we agreed on Apple and then they were sold out of
Apple. And I am not flush with choice here in Italia.

[00:04:41] **Chuck Carpenter:** , Also, I had walked to the grocery store, so I
couldn't walk to the next grocery store and try to shop around. Ala, here we
are. But, , since it is from the same base, it has similar, , qualities. It is
35% alcohol, 70 proof. It is Jack Daniel, smooth and balanced Tennessee honey.
and I've not had [00:05:00] this, I have had other honey whiskeys, so I'm, I'm
curious to know where we go with

[00:05:04] **Adam Argyle:** honey. Honey sounded good. I mean, apple and honey,
they're both delicious, you know? And, , honey are always like, yeah, the bees,
they're helping me out in my belly and I'm helping them by consuming their
honey. Maybe I'm not actually, maybe I'm harming them, but honey sometimes
reminds me of like medicines.

[00:05:17] **Adam Argyle:** I'm like, uh, I don't know.

[00:05:19] **Chuck Carpenter:** Manuka honey or whatever is the thing. Yeah.
yeah, honey does feel like it, it has a little more like natural benefits, but
when I've had these in the past, I would keep them in the freezer and then you
can have them as kind of a little digestive, cold honey. Sipper after.

[00:05:37] **Chuck Carpenter:** It's a nice little desserty thing. So,

[00:05:39] **Adam Argyle:** Yeah. Or if this was back in the sixties, you'd give
it to your children in their baby bottle and tell 'em to sip it when they're
being naughty. Mm-hmm.

[00:05:45] **Chuck Carpenter:** this is how well, yeah, and it wasn't honey
flavored at that point, but this was definitely like the rockstar starter kit
you have to chug a Jack Daniels. All right. So the, , the smells and all the
other notes that we, we go [00:06:00] into are gonna probably not be that
interesting 'cause. Hopefully it's Apple and honey that we,

[00:06:05] **Adam Argyle:** hopefully it's, uh, jack with some flavor, which,
uh, yep. It's definitely green Apple. Right off the bat, it smells like the
Apple Jolly Rancher, which means they're using really high quality, , flavoring,
right? Just,

[00:06:16] **Chuck Carpenter:** The Jolly Ranchers are made with only natural,
natural apples.

[00:06:20] **Adam Argyle:** quality. We're, we're not going for a wild margins
on our candy. We're going to serve you with healthy stuff.

[00:06:27] **Chuck Carpenter:** exactly. The, the like neon green hulk colored.
It's low gamma radiation.

[00:06:35] **Adam Argyle:** It is good though. And you know this probably make a
killer waffle. I kind of already tastes like waffle.

[00:06:41] **Chuck Carpenter:** Okay, so

[00:06:43] **Adam Argyle:** there, but maybe there is.

[00:06:45] **Chuck Carpenter:** that would be interesting so, because Jack
Daniels is maple flavored to begin with, that's the whole reason why Jack
Daniels is not bourbon. Have you ever heard this before I

[00:06:55] **Adam Argyle:** No, but I'm loving this right now. Yeah.

[00:06:57] **Chuck Carpenter:** Okay, so everything about [00:07:00] Jack
Daniels is actually a bourbon. It has the 51% plus corn. It, uses a sour mash.
It's like all the things, it follows the federal standard of bourbon, except
when, , they filter it through maple flavored charcoal, I think it is, it's a
maple flavoring. So they, and, and federal rolls are, that cannot flavor
bourbon. You cannot do anything to unnaturally flavor the whiskey.

[00:07:30] **Chuck Carpenter:** Otherwise, it's not bourbon. And that is what
Jack Daniels does. That doesn't allow it to be bourbon. So that like sweeter
taste that Jack Daniels has, that has to do with like the filtering process. And
I don't know if this does this or not, but I feel like I'm getting both honey
and maple and I don't know if I have done that to myself

[00:07:47] **Adam Argyle:** Oh, I am definitely getting maple in here. 'cause
this is, , this is like candy.

[00:07:52] **Chuck Carpenter:** This is, did you know this here? They're saying
right here on the bottle. Oh yeah. It's made with original Jack Daniels. So it
definitely [00:08:00] has the maple, , flavoring to it. And it says this is made
with the highest quality ingredients. So it must be, must be all natural.

[00:08:08] **Adam Argyle:** Yeah, you. It's definitely not just easy to print
that on the label. You know, I trust them. AI must have written it.

[00:08:15] **Chuck Carpenter:** you're not allowed to lie, right? No. Okay.

[00:08:18] **Adam Argyle:** Yeah. World's best, uh, apple flavored Jack Daniels.

[00:08:21] **Chuck Carpenter:** You did it. Congratulations. World's best. , And
it does suggest that you have this, , over ice, actually, which I don't have. we
do have ice. Yeah.

[00:08:32] **Adam Argyle:** I put, uh, I got a skull, ice cube maker thing. I
don't know, it just does the skull shape. And I was like, cool. , And so yeah,
I'm, each one of these, I'm gonna try one on ice one. Neat. I'm generally gonna
prefer the neat one, but I'm kind of just interested in like how much dissolves
and then what's, what evolves, , when water's added.

[00:08:51] **Adam Argyle:** So that's, that's where I'm at.

[00:08:52] **Chuck Carpenter:** that'll be interesting.

[00:08:54] **Chuck Carpenter:** So. Let's go ahead and go through the exercise
of, first off, for [00:09:00] those who are just joining us for the first time
ever. I doubt that's anybody, but, , just in case it is, we have a highly
technical rating system from zero to eight tentacles. We think we are clever if
we zero based things.

[00:09:11] **Chuck Carpenter:** Even though that means nine different positions.
, So zero being horrible, pour this out, eight being amazing. Clear the shelves
clear. The shelves just means buy them all that you see. And, uh, you know, four
or so is middle of the ground. I guess I have to say 4.5 is the true middle, and
that's like, it's fine.

[00:09:30] **Chuck Carpenter:** , Would have, again, would not necessarily seek
it out with any effort and. I tend to put things into categories just because
I've tried so many whiskeys, so it's hard to compare this to an excellent rye,
to an excellent Japanese whiskey, so on and so forth. So I think I would just
bundle this up with like flavored whiskeys in general.

[00:09:52] **Adam Argyle:** I think that's super fair. Almost like, , whiskeys
to keep away from children and to cook with and, , whip out occasionally, you
know, [00:10:00] not the, not your, your constant go-to, this isn't the, the
nightcap. I don't think you wouldn't nightcap with this.

[00:10:05] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Yeah. Apple doesn't feel night Cappy,
which is kind of funny. Yeah.

[00:10:10] **Adam Argyle:** it's a breakfast one. You, we gotta wake up and have
this one. Have this.

[00:10:14] **Chuck Carpenter:** That's like when you're on a boys' trip and
you're like, you know, well, we can make Appletini or just drink this straight
Apple whiskey, I

[00:10:20] **Adam Argyle:** All right. Who brought the water? Oh, none of us
did. All right, well I'm thirsty, so,

[00:10:28] **Chuck Carpenter:** And everyone knows that, , high proof alcohol is
the direct way to hydration.

[00:10:33] **Adam Argyle:** oh yeah. Yep. I saw that MythBusters, they lasted
extra long 'cause of that.

[00:10:39] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Perfect. Alright, so did you give it a
rating? I don't think you

[00:10:42] **Adam Argyle:** I have not. But I mean, I'm not surprised by it.
I'm, I'm not necessarily impressed. I comparing it to Jim Bean's Pineapple,
which was not the last one I had, but it was the last flavored one I had. uh,
I'm getting the same sensations where it's like you taste like Jack Daniel's
[00:11:00] butt. You have some apple and, and it tastes like the old school
apple, like I would've gotten in my grade school, uh, candy box.

[00:11:06] **Adam Argyle:** Uh, so it's like some nostalgia berries there. You
know, it's not gross.

[00:11:10] **Chuck Carpenter:** It's not gross. They should put that on the

[00:11:13] **Adam Argyle:** I'm not gonna write home about it. I'm not gonna
bury it. , You know, but yeah, I'm gonna struggle to share this one with friends
as compared to others. Okay, I'm rambling. Uh, and the color, the color is nice.
It's got like a nice golden light.

[00:11:24] **Adam Argyle:** Amber seems a little more crystally than some of the
others that look kind of thicker. I don't know. I don't feel like giving it a
good number. That feels like a disservice to other good whiskeys. So I'm gonna,
I'm gonna not give it a six. I'm gonna give it a four and a half.

[00:11:39] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh, wow. you're still new to this job, aren't
you? , Yeah, so in the flavored whiskey realm, I think honey is an easy pairing
to whiskey like. When I look at other flavored whiskeys, flavored spirits, honey
never really feels quite [00:12:00] in that category. To me, it feels a little
more like a natural pairing. So I think I, I embrace it a little easier. That
said, I've had some other ones.

[00:12:09] **Chuck Carpenter:** I really like the, the problem with this one for
me is it's too much on the sweet and there's no balance there. I need a little
bite and

[00:12:17] **Adam Argyle:** Seemed like a honey rye, not a honey. , Jack. Yeah.

[00:12:21] **Chuck Carpenter:** right. , Yeah, like in that vein, the one that I
like is called American Honey, and it is by Wild Turkey and you know, wild
Turkey. It's got a little bite to it. And so pairing that with honey and making
it super cold is kind of enjoyable. And you know it's there and you're really
just sipping it 'cause it's got a little burn and like, it feels like a nice
dessert, but like, not one that's like a crazy sugar bomb.

[00:12:47] **Chuck Carpenter:** So there is that in the honey realm. , We did
have like a banana one that like really surprised me. , 'Cause I was like, this
is gonna be horrible. Why are we doing this? That was actually pretty decent.
And I think we gave it like a six, [00:13:00] that was on the heels of the
previous flavored one that I can recall.

[00:13:03] **Chuck Carpenter:** And it's like a, a nicer distillery called like
Hudson River or something like that. Hudson. It's a, a New York distillery.
They, you know, a little pricier and they have one that was like maple pancake
or something like that, and it was dog shit. So this is better than that.

[00:13:21] **Adam Argyle:** this one was gonna

[00:13:21] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. And Right, exactly. You kind of fear,
you're like, ah, I don't know.

[00:13:25] **Chuck Carpenter:** But, uh, so in the realm of all those things, I
would say that like, this isn't wowing me and it is not like gross though. So
it's a, I don't know. I'm in the like three and a half to four range, like could
drink it, we'll probably never buy it again. If I have a hanger in for a little
honey, then I, I'll go another direction That assumes that I have another
option, of course.

[00:13:50] **Chuck Carpenter:** But, uh, there are stores with greater
selection. It just wasn't in the cards for me today. So,

[00:13:57] **Adam Argyle:** All right, so I, I got a couple of wild, wild
little, [00:14:00] do you wanna start with the wild idea or the wild question?

[00:14:03] **Chuck Carpenter:** wild question.

[00:14:05] **Adam Argyle:** Wild question. Alright. So do you ever blend your
whiskeys at home yourself? You're like, Hey, thank you for blending it and
putting it in a nice, fancy bottle and making it look like it was one single
one, but I'm gonna mix my own shit, baby. Do you ever do that?

[00:14:17] **Chuck Carpenter:** , So I

[00:14:18] **Chuck Carpenter:** used

[00:14:18] **Adam Argyle:** is that naughty? I said, okay, cool.

[00:14:20] **Chuck Carpenter:** So in like whiskey nerds, some of them have this
thing, , called the Infinity Bottle, and so you're, yeah. You're not necessarily
mixing it with an intent, but there are some people who do that. There's a blend
you can do called Poor Man's Pappy, but that's a little bit different than the
Infinity Bottle.

[00:14:39] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Infinity Bottle is this like, I remember
when I was in DC. And I was, you know, , chasing particular bottles and like a
little more interested in like, trying to get specific things to try and, and
all of that. And when your bottle gets kind of low, so you'll always, you'll
have your one bottle that you decide that this is my infinity [00:15:00] bottle.

[00:15:00] **Chuck Carpenter:** So I put a little sticker on there with the
infinity symbol and I would know, okay, this is the one that takes the, when you
get low on other bottles, you just pour it in there And when it would get to a
certain point, I might try it and then be like, eh, we'll, we'll wait. And then
you kind of just keep pouring like the little bits.

[00:15:18] **Chuck Carpenter:** The end of your other bottles.

[00:15:20] **Adam Argyle:** Whiskey paying it forward.

[00:15:22] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. And then

[00:15:24] **Chuck Carpenter:** I. And then you just kind of like have it here
and there. Now there was a little while where I would like, okay, I only put
bourbons in here, and then, okay, drink through that a little bit. Okay, now I'm
gonna do one with Rise. And then there wasn't an eventual point where it was
just like, who knows?

[00:15:41] **Chuck Carpenter:** This could get weird. , And you just put
anything whiskey in there. Yeah, that's kind of fun. So that's kind of like that
just to see like, I really like this. I really like this. What do they like
together? I don't know. We can kind of find, find out. And sometimes it would be
me and sometimes it might be like, oh, this is super interesting.

[00:15:59] **Chuck Carpenter:** I have no idea [00:16:00] how to ever recreate
it though.

[00:16:02] **Adam Argyle:** Yeah, one, one day you're gonna get a box and you're
gonna open it up and there's gonna be a bottle in there with an infinity sticker
on it, and it's gonna be no name shit, and you're just not even gonna know what
I put in there. I'm like, dude, it's been brewing, it's been

[00:16:13] **Chuck Carpenter:** brewing. Yeah,

[00:16:15] **Adam Argyle:** you can have it.

[00:16:17] **Chuck Carpenter:** I think that would be super fun. So yeah, I only
did that in DC and then when I kind of like, okay, I am moving cross country
moving back to Phoenix, so I'm not gonna take all this stuff with me. So, you
know, I just didn't, and I never restarted it so.

[00:16:31] **Adam Argyle:** Hmm. Yeah. Okay. That's a cool idea though. , Thank
you for, handling that question with elegance. 'cause you, you told us about
infinity bottles. I mean, who doesn't want an infinity bottle of whiskey? That
just sounds cool.

[00:16:42] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, now you have to put some in. It doesn't
just infinity, you know, fill up. That would be an amazing concept. But no, I
haven't figured that

[00:16:50] **Adam Argyle:** Makes me wanna make a cartoon where it's like
someone's pouring it in and it's like a skeleton of cross bones or something,
and it goes in, just comes right back out into another bottle and then it gets
filtered back

[00:16:58] **Chuck Carpenter:** that could be a good whiskey [00:17:00] web and
whatnot. , T-shirt, I think that could be a clever t-shirt.

[00:17:03] **Adam Argyle:** Ooh, nice. Oh dude. Have you done a bone luge?

[00:17:06] **Chuck Carpenter:** No, I have not a bone

[00:17:10] **Chuck Carpenter:** luge. Oh

[00:17:12] **Adam Argyle:** in it or all Lua. It's like a, yeah, you pour it so
you get the bone after you've been like scooping it with the spoon. You eat the

[00:17:17] **Chuck Carpenter:** The bone marrow. Yeah.

[00:17:19] **Adam Argyle:** and then you pour a shot through the lua, the bone
and it collects the rest of the goo and all that delicious stuff.

[00:17:26] **Adam Argyle:** And then you have a fatty infused shot of some kind.

[00:17:30] **Chuck Carpenter:** I would be into that. I feel like I've had some
kind of like whiskey or, or like cocktail that had fat in it as part of it, so,

[00:17:38] **Adam Argyle:** I can't remember what we put in there. It wasn't
Cesar Ach Is Cach A A. Laur.

[00:17:43] **Chuck Carpenter:** It is not, it is a brand of rye and or a
cocktail also made with rye.

[00:17:48] **Adam Argyle:** I think it was that then. So

[00:17:50] **Chuck Carpenter:** Nope. Yeah. The common one is called Baby Sa.
There's a rack that's an 18 year, and then that one is harder to get. And then
there's Baby sa, [00:18:00] which is the more common one that you find.

[00:18:02] **Adam Argyle:** Does Burt Bach drink? Sach baby Saz

[00:18:07] **Chuck Carpenter:** Good

[00:18:08] **Adam Argyle:** while he is eating baby ba?

[00:18:09] **Chuck Carpenter:** idea. I want my baby back. Baby back as, no, I
think that's sad.

[00:18:16] **Chuck Carpenter:** I

[00:18:16] **Adam Argyle:** here's my, here's my wild idea. So you don't put
honey. Two, the, your booze, you honey the rim. So, you know, like they'll put,
they'll do a sugared rim, someone will do a sugared rim, and you're just like,
I'm not gonna put sugar on my rim. I'm gonna do natural honey around the rim.
And then every sip you lick a little honey, you, you take your sip.

[00:18:33] **Adam Argyle:** You know? I don't know.

[00:18:35] **Chuck Carpenter:** This is not an X-rated podcast, sir. I don't
know, but uh, yeah, though, I, I think that's kind of interesting because what
would you, so you could, you could use instead of like lime juice or whatever
for like a margarita, you could do honey on the rim. You just wet it to dilute

[00:18:52] **Chuck Carpenter:** some and then what would you,

[00:18:54] **Adam Argyle:** you

[00:18:54] **Chuck Carpenter:** no,

[00:18:55] **Adam Argyle:** just put it, put it, on a little thing and just Tap
it on there and get a little honey. You know? You don't [00:19:00] need a lot.
Yeah, it'd be like a little, it's gonna go a long way here.

[00:19:02] **Chuck Carpenter:** Maybe like a spice, you know, you could have
like a spice honey.

[00:19:06] **Adam Argyle:** Spicy. You could do like jalapeno honey. Yeah, dude.
A hot honey. Wait, what about the hot honey? The famous one? Why don't

[00:19:11] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Mike's.

[00:19:12] **Adam Argyle:** hot honey? Mike's hot honey on your whiskey.

[00:19:15] **Chuck Carpenter:** It's good on pizza by the way. Mike's hot honey
on pizza

[00:19:19] **Chuck Carpenter:** would recommend, I think I would blow people's
minds over here right now if I like busted that shit out

[00:19:24] **Adam Argyle:** Oh, they're not ready for that. Well, they have good
ingredients there, you know, so they have like good, good tomatoes and good
cheese. They don't need to cover that shit. And some spicy honey just to mask up
the cardboard. Yeah, dude.

[00:19:34] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Although I would still gotta try it. Like
can you imagine like a

[00:19:37] **Chuck Carpenter:** really fancy like buffalo mozzarella pizza and
they do have a, a thing where they put like the spicy chilies in the oil and
it's like oil cal dough or something. Anyway, but that's not quite hot honey.

[00:19:54] **Chuck Carpenter:** hot honey's got the sweet element.

[00:19:56] **Adam Argyle:** Oh yeah. Hot honey. So good. Okay, here's another
weird question. Are you [00:20:00] worried about becoming a villain? Because
you're going to start to sound really fancy, speaking, Italian. So you naturally
tell all Americans can become the bad

[00:20:08] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh, is that okay? That's where you're going with
it. Uh, no, I think I will embrace that. Well, I was just wondering, 'cause I
was told the other day that like my normal life has become an accidental flex.
Like, uh, my brother was, uh, oh, yay. How, how's it going? You guys, you know,
having a good weekend or something like that.

[00:20:25] **Chuck Carpenter:** And I was like, oh yeah, we just got back from
Milan. We had to run a couple errands and did some shopping. And he was like,
okay, bragger like. No, that's just what happened.

[00:20:33] **Adam Argyle:** It's literally the closest mall, dude, so,

[00:20:35] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, yeah. You know, it's just like a 40 minute
drive down, down the road. It's like not a big deal. Oh, is that the duomo? Oh,
that's cool.

[00:20:42] **Adam Argyle:** Yeah, you did share a picture to me out your window
and I was like, hot dig. Itty. Damn. That looks amazing. That's like a, oh, I
was instantly taken. I was taken to Italy. Just looking out your photo windows.
Beautiful.

[00:20:55] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah. We're going down to the Chin Ro this
weekend for a hike.

[00:20:58] **Adam Argyle:** Tell me more. I'm, I'm not [00:21:00] offended. I
want to absorb all of your living outside of the United States right now 'cause.

[00:21:05] **Chuck Carpenter:** you know, it, it, I think it's a, a trade off of
conveniences for experiences or something. I don't know. Like currently I don't
own a car. Now we do have a car that we are

[00:21:15] **Adam Argyle:** spoken like a true senior developer. It's all trade
offs.

[00:21:18] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, it's all trade offs, right? Pros and cons
and whatever else. I've lived one thing, now I'm trying to, you know, live and
experience a different thing.

[00:21:25] **Chuck Carpenter:** We have an apartment now instead of a house, but
we can walk all over the place. Like this is a, you know, not a small town.
Cuomo is decent size, gets a decent amount of tourism and stuff, but, uh, but
it's not quite like living in the middle of Milan or Florence or whatever. the
food quality and the food cost is incredible.

[00:21:44] **Chuck Carpenter:** fresh pasta, you can get a whole, like, you
know, all the pasta you need for a dinner for a family of four is one year
of 50.

[00:21:53] **Adam Argyle:** Oh my goodness, as it should be. It's ridiculous
around here. Yeah.

[00:21:58] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Yeah. So, [00:22:00] uh, yeah, there's
those things. , I don't speak anywhere near enough Italian and by near enough
it's, I'm closer to zero than I am 50%.

[00:22:09] **Adam Argyle:** To me, you sound way past amateur. Do you like gas
in your water or

[00:22:14] **Chuck Carpenter:** Mm. Frite. Yeah. naturale or Frite? I like
Frite. Like I've always liked bubbles. We used to have a soda stream, so I would
just bubble up at home too.

[00:22:24] **Adam Argyle:** Yeah, I like bubbles, but not always in my water.
But I don't know, it's 'cause I want to chug it. Usually I'm like, water is
lukewarm saliva. I'm going to chug this into my body because it is needed and
not enjoyed. And so.

[00:22:37] **Chuck Carpenter:** another thing. Right? Okay. So in the states,
we, everybody carries around water bottles. You're constantly drinking water.
You're like trying to get like, oh, I'm trying to get up to a gallon a day and
da da da da.

[00:22:49] **Chuck Carpenter:** Like, here you get bottled water, it's much
cheaper. You get like a liter and a half for like 50 to 80 cents.

[00:22:56] **Chuck Carpenter:** You can choose your flavor that you like, but
it's mineral water too. So it's not [00:23:00] reverse osmosis, empty, no.
Anything water. And I've found we have found that, uh, we don't need to drink as
much water. And of course, I'm not in the desert too, so that affects things a
little bit. But I think the water quality is also a huge thing where you can
drink half liter and feel hydrated all day.

[00:23:22] **Adam Argyle:** Cool.

[00:23:24] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:23:24] **Chuck Carpenter:** So.

[00:23:25] **Adam Argyle:** other things you've noticed that are like,
especially cool because like, I'm in, I'm in Seattle, so we we're like. I feel a
little unique in terms of the states. Like I'm not in a desert, right? But we're
still super affected by prices. I was just looking at a bond me today. I
remember 15 years ago in my tech job, I'd go get a bond me for $3.

[00:23:41] **Adam Argyle:** and now you can't, you can't even get half of a bond
me for $7 or whatever. I got one today for nine and I was like, this is a big
bond me for $9. My goodness. And then I was like, but it's nine bucks. It should

[00:23:51] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Yeah, right.

[00:23:54] **CTA:** This just in! Whiskey.fund is now open for all your merch
needs. [00:24:00] That's right, Robbie. We're hearing reports of hats, sweaters,
and T-shirts, as well as a link to join our Discord server. What's a Discord
server? Just read the prompter, man. Hit subscribe. Leave us a review on your
favorite podcast app and tell your friends about our broadcast. It really does
help us reach more people and keeps the show growing. All right, back to your
regularly scheduled programming.

[00:24:27] **Chuck Carpenter:** Food wise, I don't think we can, I mean, other
than when I go to the tourist areas and then things are a little more expensive,
a little more normal priced, give or take. , Food is cheap. We walk everywhere.
More people speak English than you think, although I like to not be a jerk and
at least try a little bit.

[00:24:45] **Chuck Carpenter:** I wonder if we have like similar weather
patterns to a degree. I mean, I live near a lake, but there are a lot of
mountains all around. I'm very close to Switzerland actually. it gets cold, but
not like really much snow here in town, but it's accessible. [00:25:00] There's
that. Yeah, we can drive to Kiso, which is right there at the Swiss border in
like 20 minutes if that

[00:25:07] **Adam Argyle:** Yes. That word sounded like the fancy word for a
castle.

[00:25:10] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, yeah.

[00:25:11] **Chuck Carpenter:** Costa. Costa. I think it's just Costa. 'cause I
know there's a town that I'm familiar with called Costa Lamari Deia, that just
means Castle the Sea. I don't know what Deia, I think has to do with like a
family name. We're not talking any tech whatsoever. There's a lot of whatnot in
this

[00:25:29] **Adam Argyle:** We'll get there. Dude, I'm looking at Seattle's
Latitude. It's 47.6. The city of Kmos latitude is 48.1. So yeah, we are very
similar in terms of latitude and , that's cool. It's just on the other side of
the planet though, so it's like we're gonna share any weather.

[00:25:44] **Chuck Carpenter:** No, but I mean, and all the in tech Twitter
circles, I've seen people complaining about air conditioning. In Europe, we have
air conditioning in pretty much every room. and that was kind of a, like, yeah,
especially coming from the desert where air [00:26:00] conditioning is just such
a part of our life. , And we, we arrived at the very beginning of August, so it
was still a little warm.

[00:26:07] **Chuck Carpenter:** But we, we haven't needed any of that in the
last week or so. We've had a lot of rain here and everything else, but like, so
the conveniences that many people think they're giving up by a European move. ,
Yeah, we have air conditioning and we cranked that shit when we needed it and it
was great and we slept well.

[00:26:25] **Adam Argyle:** yeah, everybody's scared that you're, you're under,
you've got five fans pointing at you. There's one on the ceiling and one on the
window, and three on the four, and you're still sweating to go to sleep. Uh,
Europe up sucks. And you're like, that's not true.

[00:26:36] **Chuck Carpenter:** we had that experience last summer when we came
out here for a month in order to kind of live as if and try a couple parts of
the town. And we managed in July to rent a place without air conditioning and we
were like, mistake. Mistake.

[00:26:50] **Adam Argyle:** Yep.

[00:26:51] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. So we have, yeah, we have that convenience
without issues, so we didn't give up anything there.

[00:26:59] **Chuck Carpenter:** I have [00:27:00] fiber internet. My internet
works pretty good, pretty happy about that. So that's not a problem whatsoever.
Yeah, I don't know.

[00:27:08] **Adam Argyle:** What about if you, have you gone to the lake and
done any water play with the kids yet and seen too many thongs?

[00:27:14] **Chuck Carpenter:** No. What's too many, I mean, do you mean my
thong?

[00:27:18] **Adam Argyle:** dude, my neighbors wear thongs when I go to the
lake, so

[00:27:20] **Chuck Carpenter:** I was gonna say, I feel like thongs have become
a little more commonplace. I've probably seen too many like man thongs, but

[00:27:27] **Adam Argyle:** That's what I mean. I mean, ment thongs. Yeah.

[00:27:28] **Chuck Carpenter:** Okay. Yeah, maybe a couple too many of those,
but like, not too bad. That's really more like

[00:27:34] **Chuck Carpenter:** down in the

[00:27:34] **Adam Argyle:** one, Chuck, get one. Get a thong, dude. A,

[00:27:37] **Chuck Carpenter:** not in, not in current

[00:27:38] **Chuck Carpenter:** shape.

[00:27:39] **Adam Argyle:** Dude, you

[00:27:40] **Chuck Carpenter:** I, I mean, is there money involved?

[00:27:42] **Adam Argyle:** You need to be comfy and you want less things to be

[00:27:44] **Chuck Carpenter:** Have you ever worn one of those? Do you. They're
not comfortable. I tried on a, when I was very fit, I tried on a Speedo because
I was like, people want to see this, and then I was like, this is very
uncomfortable. I don't think I want to feel this,

[00:27:58] **Adam Argyle:** Uh, if it looked comfy, I would do it. You
[00:28:00] know, that's how I feel about conspiracy theories too, is I'm like,
they look like fun. , But then when you have to live with it, you're like, nah,
I don't wanna live with that. That

[00:28:07] **Chuck Carpenter:** Right. Like

[00:28:07] **Adam Argyle:** doesn't look like fun afterwards, like.

[00:28:09] **Chuck Carpenter:** Is there a greater than zero chance that that is
correct. Okay. I can admit that. True, but that's not the kind of life I wanna
live. Yeah, exactly. Like, no. Yeah, I, I agree with you there. So you had a
crazy question and then a crazy idea.

[00:28:24] **Adam Argyle:** The idea was to to rim a neat glass

[00:28:29] **Adam Argyle:** with honey or

[00:28:30] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh, that was the crazy idea.

[00:28:32] **Adam Argyle:** I thought it was crazy.

[00:28:33] **Adam Argyle:** I mean, it's

[00:28:33] **Chuck Carpenter:** it's crazy. I think it sounds fun.

[00:28:35] **Adam Argyle:** Okay. Wow. You're so sweet to me. I, you

[00:28:38] **Chuck Carpenter:** that's because we are the agents of chaos. You
forget. And so we're both like, yeah, burn it down. I don't know. Shit.

[00:28:44] **Adam Argyle:** Oh man. Speaking about agents, you were like, I'm
not using agents enough earlier. , Tell me why you feel that fomo. Where's that?
The source of the FOMO

[00:28:52] **Chuck Carpenter:** people on tech Twitter are talking about like
running a dozen agents in the

[00:28:56] **Chuck Carpenter:** background while they

[00:28:58] **Adam Argyle:** I hate that one. They're like, I woke up [00:29:00]
and then I, I chatted with the six that had been working all night. I'm like, so
you yolo them all night? You're like, whoa.

[00:29:06] **Adam Argyle:** What

[00:29:06] **Adam Argyle:** did you think you, what kind of tasks did you give
'em? They ran all night too. I'm like,

[00:29:09] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah, yeah, exactly that. Like what kind of
budget do you have? I have access to a decent amount of things, but like, what
the fuck yeah. I just don't use it in that way. I use it, I use AI tools every
day in some facet, and I think that they are helpful.

[00:29:26] **Adam Argyle:** Yes,

[00:29:26] **Chuck Carpenter:** For the most part. Right.

[00:29:28] **Chuck Carpenter:** And then when they're garbage, they're garbage.
And that's okay. We recognize

[00:29:31] **Adam Argyle:** I'm the one that's wrong. Yeah.

[00:29:33] **Chuck Carpenter:** right? Yeah, exactly.

[00:29:34] **Chuck Carpenter:** I am a lie and horrible and I will, you know.
Yeah. But, uh, like many things I've made mistakes with and without ai, so. Why
would this be any different? It's just you're managing a thing, you give it
enough control, but you don't give it all the control.

[00:29:52] **Chuck Carpenter:** Right? You're working through a problem
together. It's like pair programming with a junior. It is like, okay, well let's
have a good time, and get somewhere and [00:30:00] discover something together
and it's kind of fun. That said, I finally, , got a chance to start. So I didn't
have Claude Code access for a while.

[00:30:08] **Chuck Carpenter:** I had regular Claude. I'd been using Windsurf
for a while and Cursor, and then I bounced over. Actually, I bounced over to
Warp Before Cursor and then like I backed

[00:30:19] **Adam Argyle:** war right now. Wait, so you're you, you were using
Claude like a plebe. That's just a fun sentence. I

[00:30:24] **Chuck Carpenter:** I know it is. Yeah. Well, I also was using like
LM studio and running some models locally too.

[00:30:30] **Adam Argyle:** I do that also. Well, I

[00:30:31] **Chuck Carpenter:** I kind of like that.

[00:30:33] **Adam Argyle:** it, I, I like it. I want to like it, but holy cow,
I've gotten some really slow responses or just straight up hangs

[00:30:40] **Chuck Carpenter:** I think you need a dedicated machine for that.
And I've thought about like making my M1 Mac mini my bitch for that, or

[00:30:48] **Adam Argyle:** a M two or whatever, and it's struggling.

[00:30:51] **Chuck Carpenter:** I've got an M four MacBook that that does okay.
But I'm also doing many other things and so I don't,

[00:30:57] **Chuck Carpenter:** you know, I

[00:30:58] **Adam Argyle:** I don't like holding up the [00:31:00] machine while
I'm working, so it's definitely nice to async that shit. You're like, go away to
powerful brains and do this calculation to find out the next word I want Tweet.

[00:31:08] **Chuck Carpenter:** I wish I was like one of those cool people on
the internet where like people sent free shit to, but I haven't unlocked that
quite yet. I've seen it and I'm like, wow, I wish I could be one of those
because I wouldn't mind one of those like framework desktops or whatever.

[00:31:22] **Chuck Carpenter:** What's the other one? Like the beehive or
something. Anyway, there's a couple of cool looking things that are in probably
like. an affordable range that you could set up for that purpose. So,

[00:31:32] **Adam Argyle:** Yeah. Wild. Okay, so what

[00:31:34] **Adam Argyle:** is your AI workflow right now?

[00:31:36] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Well, I was finally, I've, uh, wanted to
play with open code and

[00:31:41] **Adam Argyle:** Oh shit. I don't know what that is. Lemme Google it.

[00:31:43] **Chuck Carpenter:** well, Dax has nothing to do with it.

[00:31:45] **Chuck Carpenter:** I think he's just like the, the, Marketing
figurehead. It's all Frank and Jay. they're the geniuses behind many of these
things. it's kind of like cloud code, except you can switch out models,
[00:32:00] use whatever model, but then they suggest cloud code is like the easy
start. And I started

[00:32:04] **Adam Argyle:** So it's like a open source warp.

[00:32:06] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yes. Not warp code though. Did you see the thing
today?

[00:32:12] **Adam Argyle:** Oh, tell me the hot drama. What happened with Warp
Code today?

[00:32:16] **Chuck Carpenter:** So they have like, uh, what was it? Uh, it's
Code Country or something like that. And they had a little event that ended up
being just like a five minute commercial for their latest release where they are
like adding IDE like features into it. And they show how you can have an agent.
Yeah, it's basically like.

[00:32:37] **Chuck Carpenter:** The way to make warp more IDE, like

[00:32:42] **Adam Argyle:** I see it now. And this is so funny 'cause my tweet
the other day, I was just like, Hey, I'm in warp, like all day. Sometimes I open
up Zed, you know? one of the team members was like, why do you open up Zed? Then
here, boom. This is exactly what they're trying to tell me. Like, we want you to
stay in Warp.

[00:32:58] **Adam Argyle:** You don't need an IDE to just [00:33:00] hand change
that

[00:33:01] **Chuck Carpenter:** So they give you even like a file tree view and
they let you, jump over. The agent is running and now you can go make your own
one-off changes while the agent's running

[00:33:13] **Adam Argyle:** Oh, I'm so sorry, Zed. You're kind of dead to me if
this happened. For real. And it's actually good.

[00:33:17] **Chuck Carpenter:** I did, all the things I said just happened. I
haven't tried any of them. This is just in the weird. when tech companies try to
have like highly produced marketing commercials and content and they aren't
Apple. I don't know. It's just weird. And even the Apple shit's pretty weird to
me these days

[00:33:34] **Adam Argyle:** There's some flops happening right now. People are
like, we got 5 million in funding. You're like, you used AI to make this video.
There's like, it's getting weirder.

[00:33:41] **Chuck Carpenter:** I wish somebody would give me $5 million and
then I would just do an iPhone, like Kanye kind of commercial of it, and then
people would talk about it. So it would be very effective, you know, in that
sense. , Yeah, this was like some sort of Western, it was, it was supposed to be
like kind of a playoff of a Western, but then [00:34:00]

[00:34:00] **Adam Argyle:** I see a cowboy with a laptop. Yeah.

[00:34:02] **Chuck Carpenter:** Tech vernacular, and it's just fucking weird. I
have met Zach. Zach's a very cool, nice guy, all that kind of stuff. But it was
a little, like forced, I'm gonna say,

[00:34:13] **Adam Argyle:** That's too bad. The idea seems pretty legit. Okay.

[00:34:16] **Adam Argyle:** dude, I was watching this war video and, okay, so
first off, surprise. Okay, you're right, this video. It's hilarious. , I've seen
a couple funny videos recently. One of them I sent to Robbie, dude, and I was
like, is this video even real? Anyway, okay. Besides that video, this one is
hilarious because I swear to you, the dude was like, I wanna be on a horse

[00:34:35] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah,

[00:34:36] **Adam Argyle:** and I'd like to be coding on a horse.

[00:34:38] **Adam Argyle:** Or just, just like, I just wanna deliver my message
on a horse.

[00:34:42] **Adam Argyle:** And everyone's like, Hey, why? It's gonna be
expensive. You're gonna have to fly somewhere, get on a horse. And he's like.

[00:34:47] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah,

[00:34:48] **Adam Argyle:** It's all worth it. 'cause once I'm on a horse, the

[00:34:52] **Adam Argyle:** rest of the sentence is just stupid. It's just

[00:34:54] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah, I don't get it. Like if your end goal is
to [00:35:00] set money on fire, I think it was very effective.

[00:35:04] **Adam Argyle:** it. Yep.

[00:35:05] **Chuck Carpenter:** Otherwise, like you are trying to do a big
announcement video of this thing that you're doing, but like, kind of get it,
but you really didn't show me, and this could have been a fucking email, I gotta
say, or it could have been a boring ass 15 minute demo. It would've been like,
oh, you've taught me how to get started tomorrow doing the things you showed
there, but like you had fake cowboys say tech words and Am I supposed to be
fucking jazzed about this and go get some cowboy boots or something?

[00:35:37] **Chuck Carpenter:** Like, I don't what?

[00:35:39] **Adam Argyle:** I, dude, you're, you're spot on. I like war and this
is hilarious for me to watch 'cause I'm like, this is so stupid. , There was
like a follow up video. I just laughed, I laughed out loud to myself. I haven't
even had that much Jack Daniel's, Tennessee, apple to, necessitate the laugh
that I gave it.

[00:35:53] **Adam Argyle:** It was like a,

[00:35:55] **Chuck Carpenter:** I had to have a little extra while I was like
going through technical difficulties and uh [00:36:00] oh. Okay. See, there you
go. You. Oh, well then you've undersold yourself, sir, because you came to
fucking play and I

[00:36:08] **Chuck Carpenter:** appreciate

[00:36:09] **Adam Argyle:** here. I'm here and I'm ready. So I'm watching this
video God, it's like. They're setting themselves up for success. They're like,
this could be a good video. And then just the opening thing, it's just like, did
you listen to what you just said? , Did you, or did you just ship it?

[00:36:23] **Adam Argyle:** You just shipped It didn't. Anyway, she's like, are
you still using traditional IDs? And you could just hear the like snooty ass,
like

[00:36:34] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah. Which is funny because it reminded me of
the episode where you were talking about like, you're like IDs aren't the thing.

[00:36:41] **Chuck Carpenter:** I think it's this other is like you're in your
terminal, you're in, And we started to try to allude to this path of me trying
open code using instead of direct Claude code and like kind of getting another
version of that that. Anyway, absolutely allude to what you said. [00:37:00]
It's like the IDE may not be the path forward for how we do our jobs. I think
that's what we're saying is like we are looking at the tools and the tools are
interesting and the outputs aren't always interesting, but like. How we're
working is changing, but we can't say for sure how it's changing.

[00:37:17] **Chuck Carpenter:** It's just not gonna stay the same. And we
haven't figured out what the next thing is, and we're gonna do it with a bunch
of dumb ass shit anyway. And they put that somehow in a fucking commercial.

[00:37:27] **Adam Argyle:** They shouldn't have done that. They shouldn't have
done that. It was not good. there's someone in the chat was like, I liked warp
back when it was just like a terminal. And I was like, ironically, I did not use
Warp when it was a terminal. I have forever and I almost would've taken this
till I died.

[00:37:41] **Adam Argyle:** I'm a terminal. I'm no plugins. No shenanigans. I
wanna be able to cowboy and your server, my server without plugins know nothing.
If I'm a coder and I'm a hacker, I'm gonna get in and I don't have dependencies,
man. I am the dependency you need. You know, like I don't have none for myself
anyway. So for me, it's like I'm hacking these [00:38:00] editors.

[00:38:00] **Adam Argyle:** Like the more and more I get into AI stuff, the more
I'm like, I don't need the editor. I need the terminal, I need to make, get
commits. I need to make prompts, I need to monitor, and I need to spin up tasks,
and I need to copy files. I need to move files like I am in a system file
management scenario. So anyway, so like, she opens up this video and she's just
like, are you in a traditional IDE?

[00:38:22] **Adam Argyle:** Ah, like, just like hear her, like swallowing her
fucking words. Uh, ah ha ha. but then she's just like the, the next sentence. S
this is why I cracked up. She's like, you need these 10 plugins to be effective.
And I was like, oh, you can't, you can't set people up like that. You can't be
like, are you using a traditional piece of shit?

[00:38:43] **Adam Argyle:** Then you need these 10 plugins? And I'm like, oh, my
G you sound like a robot. Like you don't even know what you just said. Like you
can't substitute an IDE for 10 fucking plugins. Like, that's not how it works.

[00:38:53] **Chuck Carpenter:** here is another very interesting thing is that
we are talking about all the things that are on the bleeding [00:39:00] edge of
something

[00:39:01] **Chuck Carpenter:** okay. People who write code for the web, right?
Like that's a pretty big demographic

[00:39:09] **Adam Argyle:** Huge.

[00:39:09] **Chuck Carpenter:** it, it's like the, the shit that like gets
popularity on Twitter and the shit that, like we'll even talk about in the show
a lot of times is so nuanced.

[00:39:22] **Chuck Carpenter:** To folks that are like playing in puddles well
before their oceans. Like there's a bunch of people working on WordPress
plugins. There's a bunch of people keeping a Django site or a, you know, Joomla
fucking site alive and writing Java at a bank That don't give a fuck about this
stuff.

[00:39:49] **Chuck Carpenter:** Right?

[00:39:49] **Chuck Carpenter:** Like, Yeah.

[00:39:50] **Chuck Carpenter:** and so I think it's very interesting that like
we talk about it like it's life changing or like, it's like, are you in a
traditional [00:40:00] IDE fucking wasting your life away for a paycheck and
then go

[00:40:05] **Adam Argyle:** type keys. Ah,

[00:40:07] **Chuck Carpenter:** And you go home and enjoy

[00:40:09] **Chuck Carpenter:** dinner. bitch. Yeah.

[00:40:11] **Chuck Carpenter:** Exactly, don't you? Now this is how we're
working tomorrow and we are all black and blah, blah.

[00:40:19] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, it is funny because we act like, you know,
the sky is falling and it's not necessarily things will change. We're at the
precipice of it. We're looking at things that are bleeding edge and we'll
probably. Affect things eventually, but there's a lot of like boring ass stuff.
A boring paying work happening out there that won't get changed by this
tomorrow.

[00:40:45] **Chuck Carpenter:** Won't get changed by this in a year. I'm sort
of, that won't get changed by this maybe in three years. I think there's a
decent, maybe five to 10. Okay. We're having a deeper conversation where

[00:40:55] **Adam Argyle:** even then I, and I'm a hundred percent with you, and
I've been comparing our work [00:41:00] to a car mechanic for 20 years now. my
first car, y'all. , 76 Firebird. I saved a bunch of money.

[00:41:06] **Chuck Carpenter:** That was a fucking

[00:41:07] **Chuck Carpenter:** flex right there. You fucking smoking the

[00:41:10] **Adam Argyle:** shit.

[00:41:11] **Adam Argyle:** Yeah. Smoking the beta.

[00:41:12] **Adam Argyle:** Yeah, it

[00:41:13] **Adam Argyle:** was

[00:41:13] **Adam Argyle:** a dude, it was a muscle car.

[00:41:14] **Adam Argyle:** But coolest part about it was like, it was so simple
to edit. Like if you want to talk about like a website, like the, the pieces
were clearly identified. You could like pop the hood and see, and even if you
knew basics, all the basic pieces were there. You think about like a mechanic
and like a mechanic back in the day.

[00:41:31] **Adam Argyle:** Well, and also mechanic. Let's even just step back.
Mechanics aren't full stack devs. Like they can't edit the paint job and tweak
your differential at the same time. Like that's just not how it works. I mean,
maybe they can, 'cause they're willing, they're like a willing developer.

[00:41:45] **Chuck Carpenter:** Right. Like not, not all mechanics can, but some
can. Right? Like you still get considered a mechanic.

[00:41:52] **Adam Argyle:** We're gonna get expected to, and I'm sure you've
already felt this, if you're in tech and you have family, the family's like, I
have an issue with my [00:42:00] Gmail. Will you help me with my Gmail? And
you're like,

[00:42:02] **Chuck Carpenter:** my printer won't work. And I'm like, that's not
what I do.

[00:42:05] **Adam Argyle:** I write Rust. Bitch, I'm not fixing your email. And
you're like, oh, wait, they, they're like, I don't know what Rust is.

[00:42:11] **Adam Argyle:** And you're like, it's the most complex language that
the web has seen in the past 10 years. So

[00:42:15] **Adam Argyle:** I, and I write it and they're like, but you work on
the internet and my phone is on the internet and it is not connecting. You're
like, okay.

[00:42:23] **Adam Argyle:** Seriously, and honestly, they're like legit
questions that they have. Like they're just noobs. And so it's like we're the
ones that know how it all works. And so I've been,

[00:42:30] **Adam Argyle:** I've been comparing myself to an auto mechanic for
years, assuming I will work on classic cars in the same way a mechanic works on
a seventies Firebird in the year 2010, I might be working on a website that was
written in a thing, and so To me, that's not bad, but I, think a lot of people
see that as bad. And so yeah, you have this IDE prompt. It's like, are you still
working on Firebirds? And you're like, well, yeah, because they're simple and
badass cars. Like, what are you working on? You're on a, oh, you're on a super
cool Beamer [00:43:00] Tesla thing that you don't understand anything that goes
on inside of that car.

[00:43:03] **Adam Argyle:** In fact, if you don't have an AI to prompt, you
ain't got shit. You can't edit a single thing in that car unless you got an ai.
And I'm over here like, well, I can, I, I got tools. It's like, I'm so stuck
between both of these right now. We're like, where do I go? I wanna know how to
work on cars and it's not enough right now.

[00:43:23] **Adam Argyle:** I, I'm, I'm required to

[00:43:25] **Adam Argyle:** know

[00:43:25] **Adam Argyle:** more I think you're a craftsman. And I think that
we're going through a cycle of, I think we're going through a cycle of crap to a
degree, right? Because people are like, great,

[00:43:35] **Adam Argyle:** The pendulum is swinging towards poo poo. Yeah.

[00:43:37] **Chuck Carpenter:** Some of it is our own fault because of ego.
Right. We are like, oh, we're

[00:43:41] **Adam Argyle:** Cost. Yeah. The

[00:43:42] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah. Costs and ego.

[00:43:45] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, exactly. And it's like, and there was so
much demand for a little while. They created my, you know, accelerator micro
schools and all these kinds of crazy things and you know, I worked for 10 years
before I saw six figures and people were doing it in, two [00:44:00] and three
years and sometimes

[00:44:01] **Adam Argyle:** guys. Dude, they're, there's like, they're in a new
type of hell right now that you're not in, so I'm not

[00:44:06] **Chuck Carpenter:** You are. Right. Right. That's, I mean, that's
true. I've experienced a little of that. Hell, and I can't imagine what it,

[00:44:11] **Chuck Carpenter:** what it

[00:44:12] **Adam Argyle:** chased by demons. Dude, they got devils trying

[00:44:15] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Yeah. And now you're, you're having to
face the, are you doing this for passion or are you doing this for money?
Because, and that's why I say is that there are jobs, they're just not sexy
jobs, and they aren't the same a hundred plus K

[00:44:29] **Adam Argyle:** was me looking for, for a job right now, man. Yeah.
I was unemployed looking for a job and I was like, oh shit, they are all not
sexy. They are all for the man. I'm like, but that's cool. Like I kind of, I
just wanna build good stuff like who's got. Good ideals. I'll come work for you.
I don't know.

[00:44:47] **Chuck Carpenter:** Right, right, right. You know, and well, you
know, you're, you're in a special position. you have a reputation

[00:44:54] **Adam Argyle:** I was, and dude, it was even hard for me. I
contacted multiple friends and they're honestly a couple, at [00:45:00] least
two of the friends I, the two of my homies, wildly better programmers. To me,
they have a wake of success that's greater than mine. They have coding skills
that are greater than mine, and it took them nine months to land a shitty job.

[00:45:15] **Adam Argyle:** And then it took me four weeks to land a job and ,
I'm happy with it, but, oh man,

[00:45:22] **Chuck Carpenter:** You don't wanna come work for me? What are you

[00:45:23] **Adam Argyle:** lot.

[00:45:24] **Chuck Carpenter:** about?

[00:45:25] **Chuck Carpenter:** You don't wanna come

[00:45:25] **Adam Argyle:** shapes dope. Y'all are

[00:45:27] **Chuck Carpenter:** Ship shape is dead. Ship shape's dead. That's
not where I work.

[00:45:31] **Adam Argyle:** Oh, well. Where do you, yeah, tell me more. I don't
know.

[00:45:34] **Chuck Carpenter:** I'm not offering you a job currently, but I'm
just like

[00:45:37] **Adam Argyle:** We're not hiring.

[00:45:38] **Chuck Carpenter:** you. Yeah, yeah. You have a, you have a job
upcoming, first of all. So sniping like that

[00:45:43] **Adam Argyle:** Yeah. Do you even know? Wait, I, yeah, I'm gonna
Shopify. I don't think we've talked

[00:45:46] **Chuck Carpenter:** I did. Yeah, I knew that. Shopify. Okay. Okay.
Okay. don't know how I knew that, but I did know that. And I think that's good.
I think it's a strong move.

[00:45:54] **Chuck Carpenter:** I don't Yeah, yeah. You're gonna be, yeah.
You're gonna become a remix whore.

[00:45:59] **Adam Argyle:** I already liked [00:46:00] remix, but they're
actually ditching remix is last I heard. They're not ditching remix. They're
ditching React and it's worse than

[00:46:07] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, so like remix is kind of re not react
based or something like that. Anyway, I am, , I work for a cybersecurity
assessment training company. It's a startup and there's some other things there,
but like I, yeah, I, I have a lot of like fanboy like cyber. I don't know. I
want, I wanna become a lot nerdier.

[00:46:32] **Chuck Carpenter:** I like dark net diaries. I have a flipper.

[00:46:35] **Chuck Carpenter:** I,

[00:46:37] **Adam Argyle:** badge. You

[00:46:37] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:46:39] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. I'd like to say we're friends. Jack and I,
, no, I mean, we don't text, I don't have his phone number. I don't know if
anybody would actually,

[00:46:48] **Adam Argyle:** Watch. He lives in Como. You're gonna be like, I
don't know where he lives or anything. He's probably not my friend. You're like,
ah,

[00:46:54] **Chuck Carpenter:** But I think he lives somewhere on the west
coast. I have met him in person. He has been on the show.

[00:46:59] **Chuck Carpenter:** I [00:47:00] enjoy

[00:47:00] **Chuck Carpenter:** that show quite a bit. And uh, yeah, I don't
know anything else from there. I respect his privacy, so there is that,

[00:47:07] **Adam Argyle:** It's a good call. That's a good way to make his
friendship. If, if, if you don't respect his privacy, he's not gonna be your
friend.

[00:47:13] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. It turns out if you try to dox him, not
into it, yeah, and I am too much on the internet, but I, yeah, I think, I think
cybersecurity is like a great space to be

[00:47:23] **Adam Argyle:** It's

[00:47:24] **Adam Argyle:** a super good space. That

[00:47:25] **Adam Argyle:** space is

[00:47:26] **Chuck Carpenter:** a lot of yellow happening all over the place.
I've spent a chunk of my career in e-comm, so you know, I. There's money to be
made there.

[00:47:35] **Chuck Carpenter:** I just, I, I'm over it. So different vertical
for me, but, uh, you know. Yeah. Hell yeah. Anyway,

[00:47:43] **Adam Argyle:** This has

[00:47:43] **Adam Argyle:** been, in my opinion, a phenomenal episode,

[00:47:47] **Chuck Carpenter:** This is the

[00:47:47] **Chuck Carpenter:** best one so far.

[00:47:48] **Outro:** You've been watching Whiskey Web and Whatnot. Recorded in
front of a live studio audience. What the fuck are you talking about, Chuck?
Enjoyed the show? Subscribe. You know, [00:48:00] people don't pay attention to
these, right? Head to whiskey.fund for merchant to join our Discord server. I'm
serious, it's like 2% of people who actually click these links. And don't forget
to leave us a five star review and tell your friends about the show. All right,
dude, I'm outta here. Still got it.
