[00:00:00] **Intro:** Welcome to Syntax. Welcome to a brand new episode of the
Front End Happy Hour podcast. Welcome to this week's JS Party. Live from Ship
Shape Studios, this is Whiskey Web and Whatnot. With your hosts, Robbie the
Wagner, and me, Charles William Carpenter III. That's right Charles. We drink
whiskey and talk about web development.

[00:00:27] **Intro:** I mean, it's all in the name. It's not that deep. This is
Whiskey Web and Whatnot. Do not adjust your set.

[00:00:36] **Robbie Wagner:** What's up everybody? RobbieTheWagner here, wanting
to invite you to come hang out with us as we record some live podcasts at All
Things Open. It's October 12th to 14th in Raleigh, North Carolina. I know that's
coming up, so hopefully you can still make it there. Would love to see you
there. It's a cool conference.

[00:00:52] **Robbie Wagner:** Has thousands of attendees, over 150 amazing
speakers like Shruti Kapoor, Jason Lengstorf, Angie Jones, [00:01:00] Taylor
Desseyn, and Bree Hall, just to name a few. Tons of huge sponsors, a bunch of big
companies you've probably heard of all Giving Away cool swag. Everyone gave away
Lego sets last year. Lots of cool stuff you can get and you can network if you
need a job or just want to hang out.

[00:01:13] **Robbie Wagner:** It's a cool city. Has a lot of good barbecue, a
bow and beer place, and I got fried okra for breakfast once. Even like food's.
Good vibe is good. Definitely recommend you check it out. If you'd like to come
join us, go to whiskey fm slash contact and contact us and we'll give you some
free tickets. We've got 10 free tickets. You can also hit us up on social media
or wherever and um, yeah, we hope to see you there.

[00:01:36] **Robbie Wagner:** Hey everybody. This is Whiskey Web and whatnot
with your hosts, Robbie, the Wagner, and Adam Argyle.

[00:01:43] **Adam Argyle:** That doesn't quite roll off the tongue yet, but
we'll get there.

[00:01:47] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, we need to, you need to have some, like, you
need to get your name legally changed to something that's like the fifth with a
really fancy middle name that's like 70 syllables long. And then, then we'll be
good.

[00:01:58] **Adam Argyle:** nice mother of dragons, [00:02:00] mother of bugs.
Father of many front end bugs, maybe Father of, uh, maybe We'll, we'll get
there. We've got a guest today, though. It is Sir. . Dave Rupert, macho man.
Randy standards. Bernie standards. AKA Barack Shadow Dam. Obama, AKA t, swift
Nader. You may know him on such shows as the Shop Talk show where he's a web
hacker, goofball, rad, cat figuring paint and bass.

[00:02:23] **Adam Argyle:** Slap. RSS Slinging Strudel Macon. Friend. Welcome to
Whiskey Web one one, oh dude.

[00:02:28] **Dave Rupert:** Hey, thank you for pulling out the, Shop Talk
cinematic universe. Deep cuts. That's great. Thank you. I appreciate,

[00:02:35] **Adam Argyle:** Been there listening to that for a long time, man,
that's good

[00:02:37] **Adam Argyle:** stuff.

[00:02:38] **Dave Rupert:** , It's fun. websites, podcasts, fun.

[00:02:41] **Adam Argyle:** Still somehow, although maybe it's dwindling, maybe
our interest is dwindling. Is it us or is it the web? I don't know. We'll have
to dig into it after some sips.

[00:02:49] **Dave Rupert:** read some articles. Did you read that article? The
Google was like, the Open Web is dying according to the Verge is on the verge. ,
there are a lot [00:03:00] of like hot hotdog memes, kind of like who did this?
, But yeah. ,

[00:03:05] **Dave Rupert:** I don't know what I, it's interesting to think
about, , if

[00:03:08] **Dave Rupert:** Google's

[00:03:08] **Adam Argyle:** has been saying that for a while. , Internally at
Google, they were very threatened by. What was going, we're straight into the
tech and whatnot.

[00:03:15] **Adam Argyle:** Let's, uh, let's refa we need to grease this
conversation a little bit. Otherwise it

[00:03:20] **Adam Argyle:** might just get too hard.

[00:03:21] **Robbie Wagner:** We've got the Suntory World Whiskey. Ow. OI don't

[00:03:27] **Robbie Wagner:** know.

[00:03:27] **Dave Rupert:** Ow.

[00:03:27] **Adam Argyle:** ao,

[00:03:28] **Dave Rupert:** Owl owl means blue, but actually this symbol looks
different.

[00:03:32] **Robbie Wagner:** Interesting. Well it is, blue box is very blue. I
don't, I can't see myself 'cause my notes are up, but can you see this? Can,
there we go.

[00:03:40] **Adam Argyle:** nice. I've already unboxed mine and this was chosen
specifically for Dave because Dave is a, connoisseur of Japan and whiskey comes
from Japan and it's very good because what does Japan do that isn't just badass
and minimal and amazing? And so of course they've got some whiskey and

[00:03:57] **Adam Argyle:** we'll

[00:03:58] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. The Jim Beam pineapple [00:04:00] is not out
of

[00:04:00] **Robbie Wagner:** Japan.

[00:04:02] **Dave Rupert:** Jim Bean

[00:04:02] **Dave Rupert:** pineapple. Oh, that sounds like an instant headache.
Ooh, this is beautiful.

[00:04:09] **Dave Rupert:** Huh?

[00:04:10] **Adam Argyle:** It was

[00:04:11] **Adam Argyle:** a

[00:04:11] **Robbie Wagner:** this

[00:04:11] **Robbie Wagner:** twist?

[00:04:12] **Robbie Wagner:** Oh it

[00:04:13] **Adam Argyle:** What does it do?

[00:04:14] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. it

[00:04:15] **Adam Argyle:** Oh, that's less fun than a cork,

[00:04:17] **Robbie Wagner:** I know.

[00:04:18] **Robbie Wagner:** Maybe actually better at seal things up.

[00:04:20] **Dave Rupert:** that's what the internet says.

[00:04:23] **Adam Argyle:** Hmm.

[00:04:24] **Dave Rupert:** What's interesting about Japan? wow. That was very A
SMR. That was, that was,

[00:04:33] **Adam Argyle:** do it.

[00:04:33] **Adam Argyle:** It's a, that's the best part on the car. You're just
like in the car. You're like, I'm all of a sudden thirsty. Wow.

[00:04:38] **Dave Rupert:** for

[00:04:38] **Dave Rupert:** alcohol in

[00:04:39] **Dave Rupert:** the car.

[00:04:40] **Robbie Wagner:** where, uh, you mean listening to the

[00:04:44] **Adam Argyle:** Listening. Obviously going off thirsty.

[00:04:46] **Dave Rupert:** you said thirsty. You said, you said thirsty for
whiskey in the car.

[00:04:52] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, there was a dark period during, uh, I was
editing the show myself in d script and it would AI take out all the sounds
[00:05:00] so you wouldn't get any of that. But we're past

[00:05:03] **Adam Argyle:** Ai.

[00:05:04] **Dave Rupert:** am using

[00:05:05] **Dave Rupert:** ice.

[00:05:05] **Robbie Wagner:** I have a, uh, a toast for everyone here.

[00:05:08] **Adam Argyle:** Oh yes. It's a toast.

[00:05:10] **Robbie Wagner:** We're gonna try some toasts out and we'll, we'll
see how they go.

[00:05:13] **Robbie Wagner:** So tonight. We are gathered in the spirit of
tradition, of unity, and of celebrating the things that truly bring us together
for centuries.

[00:05:21] **Robbie Wagner:** Humanity has raised glasses to honor milestones,
to cherish friendships, and mark those rare moments when the universe aligns
just right. And so it is with the deepest gratitude in my heart that I ask you
now to lift your glass with me. Not for love, not for fortune, not even for
health. No. Tonight we raise our glasses to the triumphant return of the chili
cheese burrito at Taco Bell.

[00:05:43] **Robbie Wagner:** Long gone but never forgotten. It has risen once
again like a greasy cheesy phoenix from the ashes of the discontinued menu items
may its melted glory. Bless our late night cravings for years to come.

[00:05:58] **Adam Argyle:** Beautiful.

[00:05:58] **Dave Rupert:** amen.

[00:05:59] **Adam Argyle:** [00:06:00] amen.

[00:06:02] **Robbie Wagner:** I went to Taco Bell for dinner tonight, so that's,
that was top of mind.

[00:06:05] **Dave Rupert:** , Sorry. It's the bean and chili. Is that what it,
what, what

[00:06:10] **Robbie Wagner:** Chili

[00:06:11] **Robbie Wagner:** cheese

[00:06:11] **Dave Rupert:** chili cheese burrito.

[00:06:13] **Robbie Wagner:** Hmm. It's been gone for a long time. It was out
like early two thousands, I think. And, uh, I got them all the time and then it
went away. But there were, they would still serve it in like certain spots. Like
if you went to the right taco bells throughout the country, there was like a
tracker.

[00:06:27] **Robbie Wagner:** You could go to different ones and, but it's back
for a while

[00:06:30] **Robbie Wagner:** right

[00:06:31] **Dave Rupert:** I want to know more, but my first impression is, it
sounds risky, right? Like,

[00:06:38] **Robbie Wagner:** Yes.

[00:06:39] **Dave Rupert:** okay. Okay. I, I'm a fan of the like, classic bean
and cheese. Get a little, , onion on there. Mm. That's gonna be good. But like
chili cheese, that's asking for a little, a little rumble in the tumtum, I feel
like. Yeah.

[00:06:54] **Robbie Wagner:** it used to work go better for me when I was, uh, a
little bit younger, but, um, yeah, [00:07:00] now it is a little bit, uh, tough
on the, on the stomach, but still very delicious.

[00:07:04] **Dave Rupert:** Still good. Could still be good. So

[00:07:07] **Adam Argyle:** It is like a Mick rib where it was just a, your
nostalgic memories of it or like top notch, and then you go try it again. You're
like, eh, I don't know.

[00:07:15] **Robbie Wagner:** Well, I never thought the McRib was all that good,
but, uh, yeah, no, it's, it actually, I think they made their chili like
fresher, taco Bell growing up, I guess. ,

[00:07:25] **Dave Rupert:** We can't serve horse meat anymore. Woke.

[00:07:30] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah. Yeah. Like I tasted real spices and stuff
tonight and I was like, Hmm. Doesn't hit the same, but still pretty good.

[00:07:38] **Dave Rupert:** oh,

[00:07:39] **Adam Argyle:** I remember in uh, LA the first time I met a
vegetarian, , or maybe it was a vegan, uh, you'll correct me here in a second.
Anyway, they were eating, , a taco from Taco Bell, a beef

[00:07:48] **Dave Rupert:** hmm.

[00:07:49] **Adam Argyle:** And I was like, whoa. And they're like, did you
think that was really real meat in there?

[00:07:53] **Adam Argyle:** And I was like, I, I did. And they were like, nah,
it's not real. You should see how they make it. And I'm like, should I see how
they [00:08:00] make it? , And it just curdles on top of some liquid and then
they scoop it and put it in your taco. It's a soybean or whatever. It's like

[00:08:06] **Dave Rupert:** Like a whey protein kinda. Wow.

[00:08:09] **Robbie Wagner:** Is it

[00:08:09] **Adam Argyle:** like the tacos, but, but it's not real meat,

[00:08:12] **Robbie Wagner:** related, have you bought a can of chili before?
Like for hot dogs?

[00:08:18] **Robbie Wagner:** All of those include zero meat, check the
ingredients next time they're made of beans, or like other stuff they put like
meat flavor or like some meat fat on top or something to give it that meaty
taste. But it, they're just vegetables.

[00:08:31] **Dave Rupert:** Wow.

[00:08:31] **Adam Argyle:** dang.

[00:08:33] **Dave Rupert:** I was vegetarian in high school 'cause my best
friend was vegetarian. Shout out Mike Rice. ,

[00:08:39] **Dave Rupert:** But, but, , I was, , not really a vegetarian. I was
more like a Pringles Italian. I ate mostly Pringles, only one kind of Pringles.

[00:08:47] **Dave Rupert:** , I wasn't smart enough to be a vegetarian,
honestly.

[00:08:50] **Dave Rupert:** I, I think it's, it's a lot of effort to like,
figure out foods and what goes into foods. That's a lot of work. So I'm out. I
was out for other reasons. [00:09:00] But, , my daughter is this week decided to
be vegetarian and she's thinks she's struggling. I, I'm supporting, we're
supporting. We're supporting.

[00:09:07] **Dave Rupert:** But I, I. I think she's struggling because it's
like, where do you get protein? You know,

[00:09:13] **Dave Rupert:** uh, you don't, you don't want to eat anything we, we
suggest so you don't like tofu, you don't like this. And so

[00:09:19] **Dave Rupert:** I

[00:09:20] **Dave Rupert:** think

[00:09:20] **Robbie Wagner:** Protein shakes,

[00:09:21] **Dave Rupert:** yeah, she, she would get down on that. But I think,
I think she's just kinda like, oh man, , I maybe biffed it.

[00:09:28] **Dave Rupert:** So,

[00:09:29] **Dave Rupert:** but she

[00:09:30] **Adam Argyle:** kid does the same thing. Yep.

[00:09:32] **Dave Rupert:** Needs to try when she's a little more food curious.
You know, it's a lot easier when you,

[00:09:38] **Adam Argyle:** I know how come Food Curiosity isn't more of a kid
attribute. You'd think that like, food is good. I've tried so many. There's
barely any bad ones, but no, they seem scared all the time. Scared of like a
green thing. They're like, oh, just the color of it makes me look gross. And
you're like, mm,

[00:09:51] **Dave Rupert:** especially when they spend like the first four year,
five years of their life, putting everything in their mouth, you know, like, and
you're like, [00:10:00] I've seen you like eat dirt and poop, and why are you
afraid of like a sandwich I made, you know, so I don't.

[00:10:08] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. Tonight, Finn would not eat a cheesy roll-up
from Taco Bell 'cause he doesn't like melted cheese. He wants shredded cheese.
That's like cold. And I'm like, bro, you gotta, you gotta eat something.

[00:10:21] **Dave Rupert:** Yeah, that's

[00:10:23] **Adam Argyle:** So funny. My kid will pick weird pieces of looking
cheese off of things. And so he'll take this little piece of cheese off the
corner or something and then take the bite. I'm like, you didn't do anything. I
don't know what you think. You modified your little control freak, but you
didn't change your bite at all.

[00:10:38] **Adam Argyle:** You just, you just look like a weirdo anyway, but
okay, you gotta exert his control somewhere. So take it out on that cheese.

[00:10:45] **Adam Argyle:** You

[00:10:45] **Dave Rupert:** You win cheese, kid. You,

[00:10:49] **Adam Argyle:** I'm trying to tell him to do it on the sports field.
I'm like, you can't be a bully at home and you can't control your brother, but
you know what you can do? You can go control that ball and you can be a bully on
the field or whatever. Like, go take that ball. It's [00:11:00] yours now. Be
like, that's mine. And then you, and you can dominate.

[00:11:02] **Adam Argyle:** Dude, this is your chance to dominate and own and
control. And he goes out there all shy. And I'm like, it's your moment, dude.
Ah.

[00:11:11] **Dave Rupert:** go, Go,

[00:11:11] **Robbie Wagner:** Did

[00:11:12] **Robbie Wagner:** we want to talk about this whiskey at all, or are
we

[00:11:14] **Robbie Wagner:** gonna

[00:11:14] **Adam Argyle:** Oh yeah,

[00:11:14] **Robbie Wagner:** end?

[00:11:16] **Adam Argyle:** let's talk about the whiskey. my first impressions
were I taste five different whiskeys in my sip. It's almost like I can taste the
bourbon,

[00:11:23] **Robbie Wagner:** you think it tastes like a blend of scotch Irish,
Canadian, American, and Japanese whiskey? If you had to guess.

[00:11:29] **Adam Argyle:** I think it does. I may have read the label, it might
have influenced my flavoring of it, but as soon as I tasted it and I was like, I
can taste the blend. but it's like a, it was a good blend. I wasn't
disappointed. I was like, this is kind of the nice notes of many of these
different flavors. So that's my, ,

[00:11:43] **Dave Rupert:** feel like you're getting the nose of the scotch.
Like it's a, it's pd, right? And then you're getting the smoothness of the
Canadian, , syrup. , You're getting,

[00:11:53] **Adam Argyle:** and, and they're great leadership. It's in the
whiskey you.

[00:11:56] **Dave Rupert:** Yeah, they're competent prime ministership. , And
then you're getting, [00:12:00] American like whiskey flavors, a little Japanese

[00:12:03] **Dave Rupert:** sparkle.

[00:12:04] **Dave Rupert:** So

[00:12:04] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, it's pretty good. It's, yeah, I don't know
how to classify it 'cause it's a lot of things put together. So, comparing it to
other Japanese whiskeys,

[00:12:12] **Adam Argyle:** what, when would it

[00:12:13] **Adam Argyle:** be?

[00:12:13] **Robbie Wagner:** oh, what would it be?

[00:12:15] **Adam Argyle:** Astro

[00:12:16] **Dave Rupert:** astro

[00:12:17] **Robbie Wagner:** 'cause it combines you can run like views felt,
all

[00:12:20] **Robbie Wagner:** the

[00:12:20] **Dave Rupert:** you can run five different whiskeys in Astro. It's
great. It's

[00:12:23] **Dave Rupert:** pretty

[00:12:23] **Adam Argyle:** or it's mitosis. Do you remember mitosis? Did y'all
ever try mitosis?

[00:12:27] **Robbie Wagner:** No,

[00:12:28] **Adam Argyle:** well then I'll briefly describe what it was, unless
you knew what it was. Am I gonna mansplain mitosis

[00:12:33] **Robbie Wagner:** no. I don't know what

[00:12:33] **Adam Argyle:** shake. This was the, , right, your component in our
mitosis framework. Functions and language, which looks a hell of a lot like
react and solid.

[00:12:45] **Adam Argyle:** But if you write it in this one special way with our
special little thingies, we can create you a spelt component, a web component, a
react component. We'll

[00:12:54] **Adam Argyle:** translate from this component model to any of the
others. That was the promise.

[00:12:58] **Adam Argyle:** Ptosis. interesting.

[00:12:59] **Dave Rupert:** [00:13:00] The right ones go everywhere. Strato.

[00:13:02] **Adam Argyle:** Yeah.

[00:13:03] **Dave Rupert:** it's good. Japan's an import culture. It's like a,
like my friend Trent Walton, he imports things I do, and then he studies it and
then gets better than you at it. You know, that sort of thing. It's like a,

[00:13:17] **Adam Argyle:** Damn you Trent.

[00:13:18] **Adam Argyle:** And your awesome retro wave.

[00:13:19] **Dave Rupert:** why are you so good at this? I shouldn't have taught
you this, so.

[00:13:26] **Robbie Wagner:** All right. So, yeah, I don't know how to
categorize it, but we do have a rating system on this show. Zero to eight
tentacles, zero being the worst, eight being the best. Four or five or whatever
being middle of the road. 'cause it is technically a nine. Tentacle octopus
being zero to eight. yeah.

[00:13:41] **Dave Rupert:** array index.

[00:13:43] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah.

[00:13:44] **Dave Rupert:** Oh, okay.

[00:13:46] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. Adam, you wanna go first?

[00:13:48] **Adam Argyle:** I will, , I'm happy with it. So it's gonna be over
five. I'm kind of curious and disappointed. It has no, solo category. I don't
know. And so that's different to me and it scares me. And [00:14:00] so I'm
gonna give it a five and a half 'cause it is, it's like you have an average
developer instead of a bunch of good developers or what's the whole thing?

[00:14:06] **Adam Argyle:** It's like, do you want a baseball team of, uh, all
stars or specialists? Specialists or general generalists? And this feels like a
sort of, you know, kind of generalist whiskey, but it's like, it's good.

[00:14:15] **Robbie Wagner:** Hmm. Yeah. Do you have an opinion, Dave?

[00:14:16] **Dave Rupert:** I like generalists. , I'm gonna give it a 6.5 at
least, like, this is up there for me. It's just kind of like a, it's smooth. I
don't feel like it's trying to attack me. I don't feel like, , it's going to,
uh, we'll see. I mean, it's more like, how do I feel in the morning is generally
how I, I rate it, you know, like, I feel good.

[00:14:38] **Dave Rupert:** Okay, now, but like, if it's like instant headache
and like two hours, it dips down to a zero so I can amend my,

[00:14:45] **Dave Rupert:** um,

[00:14:46] **Adam Argyle:** would be Pineapple Jim

[00:14:47] **Adam Argyle:** Beam.

[00:14:47] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah.

[00:14:48] **Adam Argyle:** one.

[00:14:48] **Dave Rupert:** that was, I know, I, I kind of was somebody said it
before the show or at the intro and I was like, that one does not sound like a
friend. So.

[00:14:58] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. No. [00:15:00] Yeah. So, , I don't know that
I agree with the whole generalist thing here. I think actually. Being a blender
is very complicated. Like there are several whiskey brands that blend things
very well and make a better thing than anyone could have made with a single
whiskey. So I'm going to lean into that being a very specific craft, and I'm
gonna give it a seven.

[00:15:19] **Robbie Wagner:** I think it's pretty good.

[00:15:20] **Adam Argyle:** bitching. Nice. Well done. Suntory. Hey,

[00:15:26] **Dave Rupert:** the bottle has a slight diamond shape to it,

[00:15:32] **Robbie Wagner:** Mm-hmm.

[00:15:33] **Dave Rupert:** which like the cutout. It's nice.

[00:15:36] **Robbie Wagner:** Oh yeah. I didn't even

[00:15:37] **Adam Argyle:** that's the corner shape CSS property they're working
on. You know, they want to, you had the bevel. Yeah. You had to traditionally
use a clip path and clip your corners to get that look, but we're trying to make
it easy on everybody.

[00:15:48] **Robbie Wagner:** Hmm. I had no idea.

[00:15:50] **Adam Argyle:** Yeah. We're getting squirl and super ellipses and
square corners and, , inverted square corners. I don't even know what that one's
called. There's all sorts of corner shapes coming and [00:16:00] it's pretty
cool

[00:16:01] **Dave Rupert:** Sci-fi rectangles forever.

[00:16:03] **Dave Rupert:** It's gonna be

[00:16:04] **Adam Argyle:** all day. Yep. Or just a old retro eight bit. Little
cool little corner effects. You know, you're kind of making that sound like
you're focused on it.

[00:16:13] **Dave Rupert:** W do we have that effect where it's like, you know,
the, the spectrograph graph, like three RGB kind of outlines that kind of like,
you know,

[00:16:25] **Adam Argyle:** Oh yeah. Are they on my screen behind me? Nope. I
think that's tempest, tempest test and kind of effect like that.

[00:16:30] **Adam Argyle:** you You were talking about the web declining and
Yes, Google had said, because they noticed people weren't searching anymore. So
I guess this, I don't have to worry about this leaking. , Yeah, they were,
search is like wildly down.

[00:16:40] **Adam Argyle:** People are not searching anymore. I'm sure

[00:16:42] **Adam Argyle:** this

[00:16:43] **Robbie Wagner:** Oh, Google

[00:16:43] **Robbie Wagner:** Stock going down right now.

[00:16:46] **Adam Argyle:** Yeah, ul. Uh, but like,

[00:16:48] **Adam Argyle:** they're noticing people just ask AI for stuff and
they just trust the answers they're getting. So people aren't researching
themselves anymore. So they're doing way less queries So they were already
worried before AI that just teenagers weren't [00:17:00] searching the web.

[00:17:00] **Adam Argyle:** You know, you ask some young person under 20 and
you're like, Hey, how do you go find information? They're like, Reddit and
TikTok, YouTube. And so that does not include a Google search. And so they've
been freaking out. What are we gonna do? That's the, like, their bread and
butter, the backbone of the whole company is search ads.

[00:17:15] **Adam Argyle:** What are they gonna,

[00:17:16] **Dave Rupert:** Amp,

[00:17:16] **Dave Rupert:** they're gonna do amp.

[00:17:19] **Adam Argyle:** amp We'll rejuvenate the web with this document

[00:17:23] **Dave Rupert:** That'll fix it. That'll fix it. It didn't fix it.
That's the spoiler. Spoiler. It didn't fix it.

[00:17:29] **Adam Argyle:** Yeah. I don't know if you can just patch it at this
point. It seems a humongous corpus, , full of interesting corners.

[00:17:36] **Dave Rupert:** if they had called amp RSS 3.0, I'd be in, I
would've done it. That's cool. But they

[00:17:43] **Dave Rupert:** didn't,

[00:17:44] **Adam Argyle:** that is

[00:17:44] **Adam Argyle:** cool.

[00:17:44] **Dave Rupert:** so they, they should have just said, Hey, it's RSS
S3 0.0, we did it. And I would've been, heck yeah. This is awesome.

[00:17:51] **Adam Argyle:** Is your RSS feed in a rapid decline as well?

[00:17:54] **Dave Rupert:** I don't track that. Do you do, does anyone know?

[00:17:57] **Dave Rupert:** Uh.

[00:17:58] **Adam Argyle:** only contract the vibe. I mean, I, so I've been
[00:18:00] sing for a long time. , Haven't changed my sources recently, but when
I open it up right now, it is suspiciously a little more quiet than usual. So if
I'm going off of vibes, I'm like, there are way less, , items coming through my

[00:18:12] **Adam Argyle:** RSS

[00:18:12] **Dave Rupert:** really?

[00:18:13] **Dave Rupert:** It's

[00:18:13] **Robbie Wagner:** Mm-hmm.

[00:18:14] **Adam Argyle:** it kind of makes me sad.

[00:18:15] **Adam Argyle:** Yeah.

[00:18:15] **Dave Rupert:** Yeah. I can give you a live total here. I'm a
thousand plus. I brought it down from 3000 in August and we're back at 3000.

[00:18:23] **Adam Argyle:** Just Mark has read everything from the

[00:18:25] **Adam Argyle:** Verge,

[00:18:25] **Adam Argyle:** you know, like, I can't do, yeah. Some of those big
publications. I don't, I don't even sub

[00:18:30] **Dave Rupert:** Yeah. You gotta be careful. But no, this is a lot
of, , a third of it is like other people's likes, you know, like things they
liked.

[00:18:37] **Dave Rupert:** A third of it is magazines I call like, cocky and
front end Masters, CSS tricks,

[00:18:43] **Dave Rupert:** things

[00:18:43] **Dave Rupert:** like

[00:18:44] **Adam Argyle:** I tried Cocky for a while and I was like, nah. I
mean, I kind of get the allure, but, maybe I just don't have enough time in my
news RSS feed to like go through, , cocky content,

[00:18:55] **Dave Rupert:** Yeah, it, you don't need, you just can headline it.
You know what I mean? So that's, that's [00:19:00] the trick too, is like, you
don't need to read everything. You can just headline things and pick the ones
you want, you know? So, but then the last third of my 3000 is like personal
blogs and so, which I love, but it's like those, now those take a lot of
emotional effort to read.

[00:19:16] **Dave Rupert:** 'cause it's like, I wanna pay attention to what this
person has to say. So it takes me a lot of time to read those. So,

[00:19:20] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, I just don't read. So that's my problem. And
that's, I think the problem with search is like kids are like, I ain't reading,
like I'll ask, I'll ask some AI model or like watch a video of some guy who read
it, who's gonna tell me what it said. I'll just trust what he says.

[00:19:35] **Adam Argyle:** Yeah, and then that's, that's how I learn a lot of
things. Right now I'm learning banjo entirely off of YouTube. I, I study all
sorts of things off of spoonfed information on a video screen where someone's
just, I'm just a little baby and

[00:19:47] **Adam Argyle:** they're just scooping it in and Thank you.

[00:19:50] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. Well some things are better in video. Like,
I don't know if I told you this one before, but like I recently learned how to
put the string in the weed eater correctly, [00:20:00] which I never was doing
correctly before.

[00:20:02] **Dave Rupert:** know. Yeah, I tried

[00:20:04] **Robbie Wagner:** put it in all the way, really long, seal it all
back up and then you can spin it and it.

[00:20:10] **Robbie Wagner:** Rolls itself back up. I was always trying to roll
it in and then like get it to go in and like get it all together without it
coming out. I was like, wow, that is so much easier. And yeah, that's a thing
that can be communicated through a video way easier than like if you read about
it.

[00:20:22] **Dave Rupert:** I have a YouTube addiction too, that's like why my
RSS is at like 3000. So I, I think it's just, you know, the dopamine hits harder
too. You know, we have to kind of recognize brains in this equation. I dunno, I
think an article can do that. Like, I can read an article or even a GitHub
comment, you know, and it's like, wow, okay.

[00:20:42] **Dave Rupert:** That changed kind of my perspective, you know? So
whereas like a video, I'm just like, two x fast forward, L-L-L-L-L-L-L, like
zipping through it, like just trying to get to the meet, you know, like, so,

[00:20:53] **Adam Argyle:** What's the LH? He do? I know the

[00:20:55] **Dave Rupert:** they, they

[00:20:56] **Dave Rupert:** support, they have vin bindings in YouTube videos,
so [00:21:00] you can like do like j and l and like speed through the video,
like 15 second fast forward.

[00:21:05] **Dave Rupert:** So yeah, they have like vim bindings in YouTube
videos, so, surprise.

[00:21:11] **Robbie Wagner:** today I learned,

[00:21:12] **Dave Rupert:** Yeah. Anyway, I've been, yeah, trying to wrangle all
this, like trying to like, like I installed a plugin that only lets me have one
YouTube tab open at a time. So I don't like, queue up like 40 tabs worth of

[00:21:24] **Dave Rupert:** like a

[00:21:24] **Dave Rupert:** whole

[00:21:24] **Adam Argyle:** happens if you do though? Does it, do you get
smacked? What?

[00:21:27] **Dave Rupert:** it.

[00:21:27] **Dave Rupert:** Just auto closes, closes,

[00:21:30] **Robbie Wagner:** I.

[00:21:30] **Adam Argyle:** Oh.

[00:21:30] **Dave Rupert:** doesn't

[00:21:31] **Dave Rupert:** command, click something. No, , doesn't work that
way anymore, dude. So that's great. And so it makes me use their like, add to
queue and it's like, oh dude, I queued up like 10 videos about dogs. I better, I
don't think I need 10 videos about dogs, but if I had 10 tabs, I'm immune to
tabs.

[00:21:48] **Dave Rupert:** You know what I mean? but a to-do list. Oh, that
sucks. You know? So like, so I'm like.

[00:21:55] **Dave Rupert:** Uh, hoarding tabs. I'm fine. I'm a hoarder. Yeah.
More than merrier. I don't [00:22:00] care. I'm immune to that feeling. But like
a to-do list of like 10 videos I gotta watch, brother. That's a lot of work. So
that's how I've been coping with it.

[00:22:08] **Dave Rupert:** But, , I don't know, watching one at a time also
gives me like the native app feel, you know? It's like, I'm not like, searching,
Well, I guess you can like search for a video. I'm not like queuing up a video
while I'm watching a video. That's a bad habit. So why do you do that? I don't
know. A DHD.

[00:22:26] **Dave Rupert:** Unique brains, but

[00:22:28] **Adam Argyle:** Well, yeah, you kind of get bored with one and it
spawns a thought that you need to go.

[00:22:31] **Adam Argyle:** Hey, speaking of

[00:22:32] **Adam Argyle:** like kind of getting sidetracked on YouTube, ,
strudel Man. That's how

[00:22:35] **Adam Argyle:** I found strudel.

[00:22:37] **Adam Argyle:** I don't think Robbie knows what Strudel is.

[00:22:40] **Dave Rupert:** You should,

[00:22:40] **Dave Rupert:** you

[00:22:40] **Robbie Wagner:** the food.

[00:22:41] **Dave Rupert:** Pop. Open it

[00:22:42] **Adam Argyle:** a strudel item that you can eat yet. The, the
strudel, the music declarative coding or is it fun?

[00:22:48] **Adam Argyle:** It's declarative and functional at the same time,
but it's a music making coding language.

[00:22:53] **Robbie Wagner:** Ah, okay.

[00:22:54] **Adam Argyle:** kind of badass.

[00:22:54] **Adam Argyle:** I got really hooked on it. 'cause I watched this
video of someone who's articulating, making a song and they're like, alright,
[00:23:00] we're gonna drop the beat to this and then we're gonna add a little
bit of low pass here.

[00:23:03] **Adam Argyle:** Now I'm gonna do a little high pass. I'm gonna
shorten the attack. Let's add an envelope. All right, tight. That sounds tight.
Let's put a slider in there. Put the slider in there. They do the slider. It
sounds fucking dope. And I'm like, watching him, I'm like, that's exactly what I
sound like when I'm coding, , CSS.

[00:23:16] **Adam Argyle:** I'm like, all right, I'm gonna add a box shadow. Got
around the corners on a box shadow. All right. Every time you do a box shadow,
you need a little, uh, semi-transparent, , border on there. You gotta do. And so
I'm like listening to them and making all these, anyway, , it resonated with
Dave too. And so we've been trying to make, , songs in strudel and it's really
fun.

[00:23:33] **Robbie Wagner:** Nice. See, I'm looking at their rebel. That's does
seem fun.

[00:23:36] **Dave Rupert:** it.

[00:23:37] **Adam Argyle:** Oh, here, I'll send you a song. Dude,

[00:23:38] **Dave Rupert:** Oh yeah. Paste a song. And that's what I like

[00:23:41] **Adam Argyle:** paste you a

[00:23:41] **Dave Rupert:** I'll paste you a song. Hey,

[00:23:43] **Dave Rupert:** you wanna hear a song? I wrote Blap. This is great.
I just, I don't know, it's, it's coding, but music and it's fun. I don't know,
they have a little visualizers and stuff too that make you feel cool like a dj,
but I don't know.

[00:23:55] **Dave Rupert:** Yeah. See this is great. Like you're just smash out
a song and you just go,

[00:23:59] **Adam Argyle:** [00:24:00] Smash out a song. Yeah, it was fun. I
went over to the piano and I was like, what note is that? And I was like, oh,
it's an E. Alright. I guess it's in the second octave set of the ees. Alright,
I'll start there. Just kinda like built it out. but that one was my attempt at
Lincoln Park that I pasted in

[00:24:14] **Adam Argyle:** there,

[00:24:14] **Robbie Wagner:** Oh yeah, I hear it.

[00:24:15] **Adam Argyle:** it.

[00:24:16] **Robbie Wagner:** It's now when you hit stop, it rings for like 20
seconds.

[00:24:24] **Robbie Wagner:** Uh, but that's cool though. It's still going
actually.

[00:24:27] **Adam Argyle:** The ring is,

[00:24:28] **Adam Argyle:** oh

[00:24:28] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, I think it might be done. It's

[00:24:30] **Dave Rupert:** You got some good, uh,

[00:24:32] **Robbie Wagner:** do they have that? I, like the piano pedal that
like muffles it, I don't know what the pedals are called, but

[00:24:38] **Dave Rupert:** dampener

[00:24:38] **Adam Argyle:** Oh, I'm, I'm sure they've got all sorts of audio
packs in there, all sorts of drums.

[00:24:44] **Adam Argyle:** , And Dave, you seem to have dug in a lot more. You
made a, a gooey so that you could teach it to people at work. Can you unpack
what the hell you screenshotted to me? I was

[00:24:52] **Dave Rupert:** Yeah. Uh, so

[00:24:55] **Dave Rupert:** we had a little like, , let's all do vibe coding
workshop at work. It's, it's [00:25:00] not mandatory training, but it does, but
it does reflect on your, uh, quarterly, uh, 360 report. It's basically, you
know, I don't know, Microsoft, I work at Microsoft. We're big into ai, so
everyone's like trying to just whatever.

[00:25:15] **Dave Rupert:** Be open-minded and try things out. I'm, I always
like, sort of struggle, but, you know, I, I am like, okay, let's vibe code a
thing. So one thing I was like getting into the strudel, so I was like, let's
just try it and, 'cause one thing that I thought would be cool would be like,
what if you, instead of like having to remember how to type out all these, what
if you had just like a sound bank or like a Beats, you know, like, I wanna do
like a Boomba beat, or I wanna do like a, like some hip hop stuff, or I wanna do
some, you know, jazz stuff or like, what is the like hyper pop anime, like, you
know, like that sort of stuff.

[00:25:48] **Dave Rupert:** that would be fun. Like to just be like, oh, let me
start here with a base. You know? So I. Ask the vibe coding machine. , What was
I, a copilot I think on this one. you know, just like, can you make me a strudel
[00:26:00] app that does this, you know, has like, sounds or samples or
snippets, , kind of in a bank and can I add my own?

[00:26:07] **Dave Rupert:** And you know what it did okay. it built me like a
little version of the Strudel Ripple on my like local website. It, , had a sound
bank so I could click a button and get some sounds. , It also added a bunch of
UI that. It didn't work, it didn't, wasn't hooked up with anything. Just made up
some buttons and sliders that did nothing.

[00:26:29] **Dave Rupert:** That's okay, fine. Sure. , But it could only like
play one sound at a time. And I like tried like five different ways and be like,
let's play multiple sounds or I'll fire you, you know, and it just didn't like,
you know, didn't do it, you know?

[00:26:43] **Dave Rupert:** And so that was kind of a, sort of sums up some of
my experiences, you know, just like it gets like, so gets you so far, it gets
you to like the 80 yard line sometimes, you know, and then you're just like,
okay, cool. Now I want to finish it or, or like get it to a point, I'd share it,
you [00:27:00] know, and it's like, oh, I just can't do that man.

[00:27:02] **Dave Rupert:** You know? And now you have whoever, a thousand lines
of JavaScript you have to kind of go through and be like, what does all this do
now? , I wasn't paying the most attention to be honest, so, yeah.

[00:27:15] **Adam Argyle:** That is my experience with Bolt and Lovable and any
of those that sort of like, I don't get to go reach in and sort of hone in on a
function and try to get it to do something or, and then the, to my tokens run
out. They're like, your free plan is done. And I'm like, well, I was already
done with you because you were broken now, so I'm out. Uh.

[00:27:31] **Dave Rupert:** it is a guilty pleasure to like, do a search term
for like, ran out of tokens or ran out of credits, , because it's like, I don't
know, it's poor people, poor, not like money poor, but maybe money poor, but
like, , just trying to do a thing and then they ran out of money to feed the
machine, you know?

[00:27:49] **Dave Rupert:** So

[00:27:50] **Dave Rupert:** that's too bad. So,

[00:27:52] **Robbie Wagner:** The worst for me is when it runs out of just

[00:27:54] **Robbie Wagner:** room.

[00:27:55] **Dave Rupert:** context or

[00:27:56] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah. Yeah. You're like, Hey, we were like almost
there, and [00:28:00] it's like, please start a new chat. And I'm like, really?
, Okay.

[00:28:03] **Dave Rupert:** Yeah. We, we are so close, huh?

[00:28:06] **CTA:** This just in! Whiskey.fund is now open for all your merch
needs. That's right, Robbie. We're hearing reports of hats, sweaters, and
T-shirts, as well as a link to join our Discord server. What's a Discord server?
Just read the prompter, man. Hit subscribe. Leave us a review on your favorite
podcast app and tell your friends about our broadcast. It really does help us
reach more people and keeps the show growing. All right, back to your regularly
scheduled programming.

[00:28:39] **Dave Rupert:** I don't know,

[00:28:39] **Dave Rupert:** but you, Adam, you were saying you're getting into,
um, like all that spec driven development stuff, right? Like,

[00:28:46] **Adam Argyle:** I do keep trying it. Yeah.

[00:28:48] **Adam Argyle:** I want to democratize coding. Like my designer
friends, a lot of them are in cursor. They're in bolt, you know, poking code
like a cartman with a stick, you know, Hey, [00:29:00] hey, do the thing. , And
I kind of would rather that we all just worked in the same thing.

[00:29:04] **Adam Argyle:** So like, uh, at Deloitte before Google, we are doing
huge work for Intel and I made sure that we had a lot of documentation 'cause it
could ground more people, in the work. It would ground the code, it would ground
the designers who ground the PMs and ground everybody and we could all go work
there. But I noticed that it could rot very quickly.

[00:29:21] **Adam Argyle:** So someone had to be. Tending to the garden of the
docks or else, and that usually fell in like one person and they couldn't do it
all. And I would like to think in this future where what if, , you know, the
core values and the tenants and the why, these are all things that we all
constantly tend to as a group.

[00:29:38] **Adam Argyle:** And then what if we execute the spec and apps pop
out? I mean, I love front end and I love crafting things and I don't think I'll
ever stop doing that. But at the same time, I would like, , people who fight for
the user more, , to be more involved in there. Or even just PMs who think
they're hot shit to go in there and be like, I'm just gonna tweak this little
thing and watch this feature pop out.

[00:29:57] **Adam Argyle:** And then, then it's just like they get burned and
they're like, oh crap. I need us to [00:30:00] work as a team inside of here. so
yeah, I'm interested in just getting more people involved in what we do to
diversify things, to make things easier And Yeah, I keep trying them. I tried
coder last week. I tried kiro.

[00:30:12] **Adam Argyle:** Oh, I must put 40 hours into kiro. And GitHub's just
came out. So GitHub's is interesting to me because it's not in an editor, right?
You got KIRO and coder, , spec driven IDs, and I'm like, I don't need a, a whole
tool for that. Like, so GitHub's kinda sounds interesting.

[00:30:29] **Dave Rupert:** It was specify or spec,

[00:30:32] **Dave Rupert:** right?

[00:30:32] **Adam Argyle:** Spec. Yeah.

[00:30:34] **Adam Argyle:** Yeah, Robbie, have you tried any of this stuff?
Yeah.

[00:30:36] **Robbie Wagner:** I haven't tried any of them, but I think, I think
there's something to be said for like, a PM or whoever being like, the users
need X, Y, Z, and like I, in my brain understand what that is, but like trying
to get it from their brain to a designer, to a dev and getting like the end
feature out might not be exactly what they wanted.

[00:30:56] **Robbie Wagner:** So giving them a way to be like, Hey, here's like,
yeah, [00:31:00] you might throw away all the code, but like, here's how it
should look and work. if they can describe all that and like get a thing that
you can click around on, I think that gives everyone a better starting point to,
to build off of.

[00:31:11] **Adam Argyle:** Have you all ever worked in a golden screenshot
workflow where like you're, It's like TDD, but for visual regressions where the
components get screenshotted and at a certain point that screenshot becomes the
golden screenshot. So if the component changes and it takes a new screenshot
through puppeteer or whatever, and it goes to compare it to the golden one, and
there's a delta, it's like PR can't merge.

[00:31:31] **Adam Argyle:** There's something unapproved to either that or this
new screenshot needs to become the golden one. Either of y'all worked in

[00:31:37] **Adam Argyle:** a

[00:31:37] **Dave Rupert:** We, we, uh, I have a visual regression test. I made
it very mad yesterday. Yeah. Very

[00:31:43] **Dave Rupert:** familiar.

[00:31:43] **Adam Argyle:** Awesome. I wonder if those converge with the spec so
that we have a visual with written and sort of kind of create this little

[00:31:51] **Adam Argyle:** spec package. I don't know.

[00:31:53] **Dave Rupert:** It would be cool. I mean, that stuff would be cool.
Just kind of like these, like, Hey, whoa, you messed it up. Now you [00:32:00]
need human in the loop or something, I don't know if I found like my way of
doing it yet. You know? Does that make sense?

[00:32:06] **Dave Rupert:** Like, I feel uneducated but a lot of my work is very
deterministic, right? Like, I've been 14 months on a token system for design
tokens and stuff like that. those have to be correct. I can't be like, just make
some tokens, dude. the names and the values have to be correct.

[00:32:22] **Dave Rupert:** Like, I can't mess around with that. So, , but I can
mess with tooling around that or whatever. I think there's like, you know, I
have a friend, he's in like ad tech and, he's a product manager, you know, he is
like, oh, want us to build this feature, you know, but, and, and he's like, you
know, usually in the olden times, like two years ago, he would've had to like
go.

[00:32:43] **Dave Rupert:** Uh, hire a whole team, seven people or whatever, and
build this whole thing just to see if an idea works, you know, because everyone
else is

[00:32:51] **Adam Argyle:** Hmm.

[00:32:52] **Dave Rupert:** you know? And now him and like a senior developer or
two, one or two can kind of like build an [00:33:00] idea and see if it's good
and, you know, see if it integrates into the product and makes sense and test it
with users or whatever before ever going out.

[00:33:09] **Dave Rupert:** And so there's situations like that where I'm like,
okay, cool. Like, that's better than maybe like a higher fire situation. That's
maybe better than letting small teams become more powerful I think is very cool.
You know? achieve ideas, right? Like to, to get to an evaluation point, you
know?

[00:33:28] **Dave Rupert:** I think where it gets twisted is like, wow, that was
so successful. We don't need these other dudes. You know, that's where it's
like, oh, yikes. you know, I don't know if we're seeing that fully yet, or, or
at all. I've, I've read some studies that it's like actually not really
impacting numbers, but

[00:33:44] **Dave Rupert:** then you

[00:33:45] **Adam Argyle:** I was gonna bring that up too 'cause yeah, the
article says, uh, if it's so much easier to build all these apps, where's the
flood of new apps? And, , I liked that assertion, but the, my retort that is
basically just what you described, which is, well, I'm failing faster on the
sidelines. [00:34:00] I'm not shipping more apps because I'm finding a lot of my
ideas were stupid faster and so I'm just not shipping them.

[00:34:06] **Adam Argyle:** And I think that's, that's pretty good, you know,
quick to a crappy prototype. That's

[00:34:10] **Adam Argyle:** great.

[00:34:11] **Dave Rupert:** Yeah, yeah. I mean, you could do, think of it as
like,

[00:34:14] **Dave Rupert:** . Like, how do you get good at baseball? Right? It's
like , it's the number of times you get to the plate, right? Like, it's you
don't get good sitting on the bench. And so, you know, for me it's like I can
write apps, I can, I could vibe code an app, I'm sure, , completely.

[00:34:28] **Dave Rupert:** But like, honestly, what stops me is the mental
overhead. I'm like, Ugh, I have to like, get an app store license. That's, ugh,
I'm out. You know? Ugh. Set up a domain, uh, I don't wanna do that. You know,
like, so it's just this, it's not even technical. Well, a little bit, but it's,
it's just like the mental overhead.

[00:34:47] **Dave Rupert:** Oh, I gotta like, make a graphic for it. Ugh, dude,
, I'm so out, you know, like I just, you know, I gotta do marketing. I gotta do
a tweet. Oh dude, I'm out. You know, like, it is just it's the overhead. So I
don't know if [00:35:00] you've got like more, time's at the plate and you're
like, cool, this is actually a good one, a good idea.

[00:35:06] **Dave Rupert:** Like you're saying, Adam, maybe that's cool. I don't
know. But I also reserve the right to change my mind. Check that out.

[00:35:13] **Dave Rupert:** Internet I can change my mind.

[00:35:16] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, I wish someone would fix all of that. stuff
you need to publish to an app store and stuff too. Yeah, it's like, So Swatch is
a electron app that like works for Mac, windows, and Linux theoretically. , Not
a hundred percent everywhere. 'cause like I haven't run on all those things that
much 'cause I just develop on a Mac.

[00:35:33] **Robbie Wagner:** But anyway, , I had it auto publishing everything
through like GitHub actions and then like Windows decided, hey, if you wanna
publish an app, you need like a physical USB, you've gotta get like a key on a
physical USB. So if you want a cloud service to do that, they're gonna charge
you 10 x what they did before.

[00:35:51] **Robbie Wagner:** 'cause they have to get the physical USB and like
do a

[00:35:53] **Robbie Wagner:** thing. so I was like, Hmm, do I just stop
supporting Windows? I don't know. And then I basically ended up just publishing
it to [00:36:00] nowhere because also like, I think my Mac stuff expired too,
and I was just like, fuck it. Like, I don't care anymore. Like I'm gonna still
build this app, but I'm just never publishing it again.

[00:36:08] **Robbie Wagner:** Like, so yeah, that's, that's a big problem.
Someone needs to make that stuff easier.

[00:36:13] **Adam Argyle:** Yep. That happened with bu that happened with kiro.
So the app I was making was a Bluetooth proximity, , strategy fighter where it
was like, you go out in the world and if your phone comes in contact with
someone else playing the game, your character's battle and you get a result of
the battle. It's, it's like a pocket battles idea.

[00:36:29] **Adam Argyle:** Anyway, it's going really fun until I had to put it
on my phone and then deal with all the stuff of that. And then if I wanted to
put it on someone else's phone and then I might start signing up to these app
stores and yeah, it gets nasty so fast, so sure, I could spec drive my way
through a lot of an app.

[00:36:43] **Adam Argyle:** , However, getting it in through the finish line is
still tedious, a really frustrating, , and expensive. Crap to deal with.

[00:36:51] **Dave Rupert:** So working on an app in my spare time, it's like a
little camera app. 'cause I was, I was like, I got into cameras. YouTube did.
YouTube is radicalizing me, sending [00:37:00] me like. Whatever, $9,000 Fuji
cameras. but anyway, there was this one that's kind of like, you know, kind of
lomo, do you know, lomo cameras?

[00:37:09] **Dave Rupert:** It's kind of like very casual, like, it actually
takes like a crappy photo. I used to do this in my twenties and like, took
thousands of lmo photos, like cross processed the photos and did all this stuff
and all the photos are blurry. Lived in Japan three years, don't have a single
good photo because they're all well, it's fine.

[00:37:27] **Dave Rupert:** I had a good

[00:37:28] **Dave Rupert:** time

[00:37:28] **Dave Rupert:** and the photos are up here and the brain. And so, ,
I had a great time. But yeah, it's very artistic or whatever. And so I just was
like, I don't know, my general malaise disdain with the internet 'cause it's
collapsing apparently 'cause of Google. Uh, just kidding. I just was like, I
wanna make something fun like that again.

[00:37:45] **Dave Rupert:** Like, wouldn't it be cool to build a little camera
myself and like web. Cameras. I was like, I can do this in JavaScript. Like I
know what I, I want to do so I can build it, right? Started building it, got a
little bit of camera API, media capture. Got a little bit [00:38:00] of video
capture. Got a little bit of, , canvas, rendered a canvas and mess up the photo
source stuff.

[00:38:05] **Dave Rupert:** It's going good until, like, I noticed this one
thing, like when you have like a, a camera, kinda like a viewfinder, you know,
or like a, a video , and you use the image capture, take photo. API, what
happens is that video zooms in a bit. Like, so if my face is here, I'm putting a
box up on the screen for your audio listeners around my face.

[00:38:31] **Dave Rupert:** My, my face is here. I hit take photo. It's now like
here, but the photo it took is now out here. What in the hell?

[00:38:41] **Robbie Wagner:** Weird.

[00:38:42] **Dave Rupert:** What the hell? So

[00:38:44] **Dave Rupert:** what in the hell? Dumb dumb. that's the best Texas,
uh, put down ever is like, what the hell? Dumb dumb. Anyway, that's what's going
on.

[00:38:53] **Dave Rupert:** And so I, this is the stuff, a five code's, not
gonna know about it.

[00:38:57] **Dave Rupert:** There's not a single article on the internet about
this. [00:39:00] And then I'm digging, so I pull the thread. Oh, what about my
iPad? Oh, guess what my iPad does? Video. Great video's in there. it's like
squished. That's weird. What's going on? It's taking a portrait video.

[00:39:15] **Adam Argyle:** Oh,

[00:39:15] **Adam Argyle:** yeah.

[00:39:16] **Dave Rupert:** Cool. Weird. Okay, then, uh, take a photo.

[00:39:19] **Dave Rupert:** Cool. What happens? Well, the photo like zooms out
and now it's landscape and super wide or whatever. And it's just like, this is
frustrating. Like this is the stuff like this, like these cross device, cross
platform, cross everything sort of things. , That's the stuff that just, I don't
know, you wanna throw the computer and, and like, I'm not even vibe coding, this
is just purely like, my, device hardware somewhere is like failing.

[00:39:44] **Dave Rupert:** And so like, you know, I think there's like an a PII
can use to fix it. And so I just need to find a night to do that. But it's just
like, man, that's the stuff that's not fun. So. so I can get there. I, it takes
me a day to get where I want, but then it's like, now I find [00:40:00] these
problems and they turn out to be kind of deep problems and they're not fun
problems.

[00:40:03] **Dave Rupert:** And so now I'm done. The dopamine

[00:40:06] **Dave Rupert:** tank is empty and

[00:40:09] **Dave Rupert:** I'm

[00:40:09] **Adam Argyle:** I'm

[00:40:09] **Adam Argyle:** going to YouTube.

[00:40:10] **Adam Argyle:** I'm gonna have dopamine injected into my

[00:40:12] **Dave Rupert:** yeah. now.

[00:40:14] **Dave Rupert:** I'm studying Japanese wood joinery, so there you go.
So,

[00:40:19] **Adam Argyle:** Hey, so you're in Texas. How many people have you
seen coding on a horse, like riding a horse? Just casually hacking, probably
vibing vibe, coding on a horse. Have you seen that before?

[00:40:31] **Dave Rupert:** No, but my friend JB, who we hired to do photos for
websites, , he rides a horse around, so he's, he rides a horse around town, so

[00:40:41] **Adam Argyle:** That's cool. I mean, horses are cool. I'm just like,
coding on a horse seems really problematic. You know? How are you

[00:40:46] **Adam Argyle:** typing?

[00:40:47] **Robbie Wagner:** you would have to be using Vim, I think. 'cause
using a mouse would be hard on a horse.

[00:40:53] **Dave Rupert:** Yeah. Yeah. Using a a mouse would be hard. You could
have like one of those cool cyber deck things, [00:41:00] you know, like a
little, you know, like a little handheld, , game boy computer kind of thing.

[00:41:04] **Adam Argyle:** Oh, yeah. Yeah. You can have it like a, so this is
the, I'm making fun of the warp video if anyone doesn't know what I'm making fun
of, but he's like on a horse talking about warp, but he shows some, like a cow,
like a real looking cowboy, , with a laptop, like on a chest harness. So he's
got like these shoulder straps and then it's almost like the table sits on his
belly or whatever.

[00:41:23] **Adam Argyle:** And there's the laptop, the laptop's there, and he's
got gloves on, , and he's on a horse and he's supposed to be vibe coding, I
guess. And I'm like, he's got gloves on. I don't know, maybe he didn't have
gloves on, but

[00:41:32] **Adam Argyle:** it was just the

[00:41:32] **Robbie Wagner:** have voice mode or does it not?

[00:41:35] **Adam Argyle:** Uh, it does have voice dictation, which I have you.

[00:41:38] **Adam Argyle:** That's a good, have you done that? That's supposed
to be the next gen thing too, is vibe with your

[00:41:41] **Adam Argyle:** voice.

[00:41:41] **Robbie Wagner:** No, no. I, I would try it, but I just feel like
that my voice is not, I'm not quick enough. I'm, I'm having problems with my
brain right now, trying to articulate it to you, I'm better at putting it down,
typing it than saying it. I would just have to keep like editing what I was
saying versus like [00:42:00] typing a thing that I'm happy with and then
hitting enter.

[00:42:01] **Adam Argyle:** Yep. Same.

[00:42:03] **Dave Rupert:** Yeah, the, the editing seems, It's just hard. Yeah.
I don't know. it'd be cool to do a hybrid like I'm typing and then I go curly
brace, and then I go, and then I auto injects it and next puts me in the next
line. That'd be fun, but I don't know.

[00:42:18] **Adam Argyle:** Nice. I think some voice dictations allow you to
sort of like go back into your sentence and rephrase and, but I dunno, I'm not a
pro.

[00:42:25] **Adam Argyle:** I

[00:42:25] **Adam Argyle:** don't

[00:42:25] **Robbie Wagner:** that's another thing to learn though. I don't need
to learn that. I just wanna type.

[00:42:29] **Adam Argyle:** it's true. A whole new UI and yeah, sometimes typing
is so powerful, that's kinda why it's fun. It's like all these characters, just
like I made a bunch of characters and then I deleted them. and that's fun.

[00:42:38] **Dave Rupert:** It is cool. We have both though. I don't know, can,
the, and the dictation stuff has gotten better. So

[00:42:43] **Adam Argyle:** Has gotten a lot better.

[00:42:44] **Adam Argyle:** Yeah.

[00:42:45] **Robbie Wagner:** I think it, would be a cool thing to like start
getting kids interested in coding. Just be like, Hey, you just talked to this
and tell it what kind of app you want. And like maybe sometimes it spits out an
app and you're like, oh, that's pretty cool.

[00:42:56] **Adam Argyle:** That is cool. I've been like trying to decide how
much of that to do with my kids. [00:43:00] 'cause we're in PICO-8 and so we're
writing Lua. , They do a lot of scratch and they're happy with like visual
coding systems and so I'm like, I don't know if I need to show them bolt yet. ,
But we did try it a few weeks ago.

[00:43:13] **Adam Argyle:** , We bolted 'cause they're learning to type and I
was like, let's make a typing game where you raise a tamagotchi, uh, while you
type it. And then we tried one other game, I think too. It's like trying to
gamify, typing through, asking this thing to code it and it's kind of fun. They
were interested.

[00:43:28] **Dave Rupert:** my son is taking, or was taking a web, But how would
it make websites class at his middle school and, you know, we went to meet the
teacher night. He ended up getting transferred outta the class. I'm gonna spoil
that part, but, just, they like, were like, oh no, you don't have a PE class.

[00:43:46] **Dave Rupert:** Like, so they changed his whole thing. we at, at
meet the teacher and his teacher. She's like, I haven't done this for like 10
years, so, but we're gonna do something cool, you know? And I just was like,
like panic, gripping the chair. [00:44:00] Like, oh no, what are you, that's not
what I want to hear.

[00:44:03] **Dave Rupert:** And I think there's another, like mom and dad, like
a, a couple who were both in tech. , They were just like, can we get a syllabus?
You know? So

[00:44:13] **Dave Rupert:** I

[00:44:13] **Robbie Wagner:** Well, hot take, maybe teaching them old stuff
would then make them wanna learn instead of just like everybody gets taught
React right now. And then, they just use it and never learn anything. So like,
all right, we're gonna do cobol That's

[00:44:27] **Robbie Wagner:** what we're building with, and then, uh, then
you're gonna learn something else later 'cause you're like, oh, I kind of
learned to code and like that was fun and now I'll look up what I should
actually use now.

[00:44:37] **Dave Rupert:** Yeah, she, she mentioned something like power apps,
like Adobe Power apps or something. I don't know. Microsoft

[00:44:43] **Dave Rupert:** Biz Power apps. Yeah, I know, right? And I just was
like, oh, I don't think I like that. So

[00:44:50] **Adam Argyle:** Yep. Red flags. Red flags

[00:44:51] **Adam Argyle:** flying.

[00:44:52] **Dave Rupert:** yeah,

[00:44:53] **Dave Rupert:** stay cool, Ru, stay cool.

[00:44:56] **Adam Argyle:** Don't teach the class.

[00:44:57] **Dave Rupert:** Stay cool,

[00:44:58] **Dave Rupert:** dude. to do. [00:45:00] Oh, that's happening at
robotics at our school. , Like I've been teaching my kid robot just like spike,
like Lego robotics and it's been really fun. , And so then he goes to the
classes and he's smoking everybody. He is like basically teaching everyone else
and then they're like, where'd you learn that?

[00:45:12] **Adam Argyle:** He goes, my dad. And so then come to me and they're
like, Hey you seem to be good at robotics. Do you wanna come and teach the
class? And I'm like, re, re, re, re. I'm like, no, I don't have time for
anything in my life, let alone like create and administer this class. I'm so
sorry. I'd be great, but no.

[00:45:29] **Dave Rupert:** Yeah, I would be good at this. Thank you. But I'm
not,

[00:45:33] **Adam Argyle:** Yep.

[00:45:36] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, if I had time, which I don't think I ever
will again, I, I'd like to teach a class. Sounds fun. But yeah, I'm never gonna
have time for that.

[00:45:43] **Adam Argyle:** Yeah. You got 15 or so more years of no more time.
Yep. Dave's ahead of us though.

[00:45:50] **Dave Rupert:** yeah. I'm at, but yeah. Yeah.

[00:45:54] **Dave Rupert:** , Hopefully the whole moneymakers hold up. That's
the whole,

[00:45:57] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah.

[00:45:58] **Dave Rupert:** uh,

[00:45:58] **Adam Argyle:** Or just a tech [00:46:00] industry holds up,

[00:46:00] **Adam Argyle:** um,

[00:46:01] **Adam Argyle:** you

[00:46:01] **Dave Rupert:** Good. Yeah.

[00:46:02] **Adam Argyle:** must stay hired. Must stay

[00:46:05] **Adam Argyle:** hired.

[00:46:05] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. If you guys wanna start a pressure washing
company, let me know 'cause I'd be into that.

[00:46:09] **Adam Argyle:** Nice,

[00:46:10] **Dave Rupert:** I, mine is my fantasy. Rage quit is a, is a
contractor like home builder, contractor or you know, remodeling, , where I show
up on time, novel concept. And I also tell you what I'm gonna do. Like, like I
literally have put up a con bond in the house and I just tell you what I gotta
do, tell you what I'm gonna do, and then I show up on time

[00:46:35] **Robbie Wagner:** So what do you do? What do you do then? All right,
if you're, you got this project going and someone else goes, Hey, I got a, I got
$2 million. I wanna build an insanely awesome house. Can you come work for me?
Do you tell 'em no or do you take it on?

[00:46:48] **Dave Rupert:** Oh, I take it on. I hurt myself big time. And then,
but then I, then I call somebody I know who is also formerly employed in tech
and I say, check this out, dude. I got the biggest grif.[00:47:00]

[00:47:01] **Robbie Wagner:** so that's how it works now. That's why they're not
on time and they can't tell you what they're doing and they're never there.
'cause they're like working like 20 jobs being like, yeah,

[00:47:09] **Dave Rupert:** Yeah.

[00:47:10] **Dave Rupert:** No, I, I understand that. I, well, and it's like,
but I think that's it too. It's like, just tell me, or I'll tell people, I'll
say like, oh, and by the way, if somebody comes along and pays me double what
you're paying me, I go work for them for a day or two, you know, or whatever.

[00:47:27] **Dave Rupert:** I don't know, like,

[00:47:28] **Adam Argyle:** oh, this is the South Park episode. Y'all are
literally explaining this south. Have you seen this

[00:47:33] **Adam Argyle:** episode?

[00:47:33] **Dave Rupert:** Is it good? I

[00:47:34] **Dave Rupert:** want to,

[00:47:34] **Adam Argyle:** Oh my goodness. It's one of my favorite episodes.
Okay, so I'll jump to the end, which is the people who, , the handyman, , become
the next Jeff Bezos's and Elon Musk. They have all the money in the world
because it starts, you're in Randy's kitchen and his, , stove door won't stay up
or it crashes down or something.

[00:47:51] **Adam Argyle:** So anyway, he calls the handyman and handyman shows
up. He's got missing teeth, you know, he's got this little leather belt and he's
like, mm, yep. You got your shelf a little busted up, [00:48:00] little oven
there. I'm gonna, yep, I can fix it. Mm. A Saturday for 500 bucks, and they're
like, $500 and next week, pretty much like, what the heck?

[00:48:09] **Adam Argyle:** And it's like, well, your neighbor down the street,
they've got this problem and they're paying me a thousand dollars to do it. And
all of a sudden you have this competition happening. For handyman. And it gets
so extraordinary that eventually halfway through the episode that Home Depot is
shown and under the Home Depot sign are therapists, front end web developers,
designers, lawyers, and they're all in there like, uh, we'll work.

[00:48:34] **Adam Argyle:** We need work. And then guess who drives by? It's the
handyman and a huge truck with spinners on it, all these flashy lights. And he
goes, P losers. And drives away from him.

[00:48:44] **Dave Rupert:** dude,

[00:48:45] **Adam Argyle:** And I'm like, this is one of the most amazing
reversals of roles I've seen. It's so funny.

[00:48:49] **Dave Rupert:** So my other idea, I'm giving you all my ideas. Why
am I just giving free advice?

[00:48:55] **Adam Argyle:** it's the, it's the

[00:48:56] **Adam Argyle:** whiskey.

[00:48:58] **Dave Rupert:** My other idea is do you know what [00:49:00] Nanny
shares are? Did, did

[00:49:01] **Dave Rupert:** y'all ever do partake in that? It's basically a
family or two families, three families go in on a nanny full time, but they
split up days and they're like, you get two days, we get two days, et cetera.

[00:49:13] **Dave Rupert:** So

[00:49:14] **Adam Argyle:** Nanny time share.

[00:49:15] **Dave Rupert:** yeah, nanny times timeshare and you get a break,
your, , partner gets a break, and then another family gets a break and stuff
like that. So anyway, I think it's pretty cool. Legit. What about that for
handyman, call it the super and you're like the superintendent of a bunch of
houses and the suppa comes around and it's like, what are we doing today?

[00:49:38] **Dave Rupert:** You got me for the whole day. What do you wanna do?
It is like, uh, I don't know, clean the baseboards. It's like, you got it, dude.
Like, I'm doing that. You know, like, oh, you no light bulbs. Great. Let me fix
that. You know, like, like the super is here to fix it, you know, like, and, and

[00:49:52] **Dave Rupert:** it's

[00:49:52] **Robbie Wagner:** so this is a business near me. I don't know if
it's nationwide, but I've gotten things in the mail. It's called Hassle Free
Home,

[00:49:59] **Robbie Wagner:** and they're [00:50:00] like, we'll do four hours
per quarter or something of whatever handyman stuff you need. Flushing your
water heater, fixing your attic fan. , Cleaning out your dishwasher, like
electric work, plumbing, whatever, like, and it's, so you're slowly like getting
a little bit of your list done and very

[00:50:18] **Dave Rupert:** that you ma you like, if you read all the manuals
for all your crud in your house, like your dishwasher, whatever your, your
stove, your air conditioner. Dude, it's 10 full-time jobs. It's like, you gotta,
like, every month you gotta replace the filter. Every month you gotta like purge
out the water heater every month.

[00:50:34] **Dave Rupert:** You gotta like clean, you know, do a dishwash clean,
dude. What if that was just like automated or like automated as in a human does
it, but like, like I offload that to someone. That would be great. Oh man. And
it's just, they just rip through a checklist. They, they're like, yeah dude, pay
me to do this. And then your house like doesn't fall apart.

[00:50:53] **Dave Rupert:** 'cause like all this stuff got done, maintenance
happened, you know, the little bleach, you gotta pour down the [00:51:00] AC
things 'cause it

[00:51:00] **Dave Rupert:** builds like a

[00:51:01] **Dave Rupert:** jelly. Ugh. Disgusting. Yeah. Oh, you don't have ACS
up there.

[00:51:07] **Adam Argyle:** it's,

[00:51:09] **Dave Rupert:** Yeah, I learned about that. It overflowed and I
poured bleach down there. It's still not working. So I gave it a

[00:51:15] **Adam Argyle:** oh.

[00:51:16] **Dave Rupert:** oh, aspirated, bleach all over

[00:51:18] **Dave Rupert:** my

[00:51:18] **Dave Rupert:** eyeballs. Not great for old Dave Rupert, yeah, it
was a spicy, spicy

[00:51:24] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. They have a new thing that I saw at Home
Depot that is, , automatic cleaner for that. It's like this little thing that
like has a little line and it drips like something like bleach, I guess, into
it. So you just never have to do that yourself again. It's like a hundred bucks
or something and it's automated.

[00:51:39] **Dave Rupert:** See? Yeah, I, yeah, I got a butt guy. Like, things
like that, like could you, like just, you know, like quarterly service, you
know?

[00:51:47] **Robbie Wagner:** Mm-hmm.

[00:51:48] **Dave Rupert:** not a bad idea. The super,

[00:51:50] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, I think that's a great name.

[00:51:52] **Dave Rupert:** Yeah. The superintendent of your house Then they
give me a share of their [00:52:00] house when they sell it. So that's, that's a
under it, there's a clause

[00:52:04] **Adam Argyle:** Dave, you were, uh, giving storybook a shout out
today somewhere, I think Blue Sky. Uh, why, what, what happened? What'd they do?

[00:52:10] **Dave Rupert:** I work on design systems, , storybook. I use it
every day. we're on storybook eight, I think, but I think we've like started,
I've seen it from six. Does that make sense? Like six and then seven, and then
eight. storybook , has a rough history, I would say. I don't know. You know,
it's kind of like the tool for design systems.

[00:52:28] **Dave Rupert:** Like you're a little, I think Brad Frost has a
workshop, you know, it's like, like where you build your components. , But
they've been going through this big initiative over the last like four versions.
They're on nine now and tens coming out and this, or eight and nine. Anyway,
they've been on this big journey to reduce dependencies.

[00:52:46] **Dave Rupert:** Like basically take it from like a thousand, tangled
rat, king of dependencies down to something like under 20 or something like
that. So. It's getting better, it's getting faster. Like I could pull up current
[00:53:00] storybooks that are on storybook seven, storybook eight, and then the
storybook nine and show like the difference, like it just zips so much faster.

[00:53:08] **Dave Rupert:** So I, I just wanted to call it out, like, hey, these
people are like working on this. And it's, pretty thankful list work to like,
here's a free product, everyone use it. You know, they have a paid product,
chromatic does, which adds like visual regression testing, things like that, ,
that we were talking about earlier.

[00:53:23] **Dave Rupert:** But like I don't know, just when you use software
and it gets better, like we should celebrate that. Like, versus like the, like
software just always turning bad and always growing and always getting crappy,

[00:53:35] **Dave Rupert:** like.

[00:53:35] **Adam Argyle:** and I were talking about that Riverside just looking
at you Riverside.

[00:53:40] **Dave Rupert:** Looking at you river. Hey, I like Riverside. but
like, imagine like if it gets better, don't you feel better about it? Right?
Like you like it more. You're like, my, Build my own storybook. Ome is like
going down and that's cool, right?

[00:53:56] **Adam Argyle:** Yeah.

[00:53:57] **Dave Rupert:** Like, I don't have to rebuild storybook 'cause I'm
[00:54:00] frustrated.

[00:54:00] **Dave Rupert:** And so, it's getting better. I feel like. I think
it's also, you know, I, I have my niche gripes. Like I think they should build
it with web components instead because it's like style encapsulation would

[00:54:11] **Dave Rupert:** be

[00:54:12] **Adam Argyle:** It's hard to put web components in there. They make
you do so much manual work. They're like, oh, did you use a framework? We got
your back. We'll discover shit. And they're like, oh, using web components, you
better handhold us through this entire

[00:54:22] **Dave Rupert:** Yeah. Yeah. They, they have a web components, ,
version. but it's, it's sort of lit centric, , which

[00:54:29] **Dave Rupert:** is

[00:54:30] **Dave Rupert:** cool 'cause I like lit, but, for work I have to use
fast, , which is Microsoft, like element,

[00:54:35] **Adam Argyle:** many a's are in that again?

[00:54:37] **Dave Rupert:** just one.

[00:54:39] **Adam Argyle:** Oh, okay. I thought it was two for some reason.

[00:54:42] **Dave Rupert:** you, was this like an AI question where like, how
many bees are in blueberry?

[00:54:46] **Dave Rupert:** I'm

[00:54:47] **Adam Argyle:** No, but that shit is so funny and I asked today, I
asked a cursor to count to a hundred. I was like, count to a hundred, and it
goes 1, 2, 3, 5. I'm like, no one at a time. And it literally goes one and ended
the conversation and I was like, ah, confirmed. You [00:55:00] don't have memory
about where you're coming from, do you

[00:55:03] **Dave Rupert:** Uh, I'm outta here. Uh, that's fine. Bail at the
first, what is it? Hit the bricks Is the share zone. , Hit the bricks. so
anyway. There's like niche things about web components, but I just think in
general, when you are inspecting your component in storybook, it's like 5,500
dibs down.

[00:55:24] **Dave Rupert:** , And then, you know, it's a bunch of robo classes
from a motion, right? Reactive motion and there's some vibes there. When you
work in web components. There's some vibes there. That's why I'd say, you know,
but even there's some style leaks into it. Like

[00:55:38] **Dave Rupert:** the, the parent eye frame is now leaking styles into
it.

[00:55:42] **Dave Rupert:** So what is really good at not leaking styles?

[00:55:46] **Adam Argyle:** Shadow do

[00:55:47] **Dave Rupert:** Shadow dom a little too good to be

[00:55:49] **Dave Rupert:** honest,

[00:55:49] **Dave Rupert:** but whatever.

[00:55:50] **Adam Argyle:** I mean, that's, it's like, that's the kind of bummer
you're like, oh, sweet, I've encapsulated him. And then you're like,

[00:55:54] **Dave Rupert:** That's not what I

[00:55:55] **Dave Rupert:** want.

[00:55:56] **Adam Argyle:** I need to bring in a lot now. Oh, geez.

[00:55:58] **Dave Rupert:** No, [00:56:00] encapsulation must have,
encapsulation gets encapsulation bad encapsulation. Everyone wants it until they
get it. So, no, I just, anyway, those are my niche, like, nuanced opinions, but
anyway, it's getting better and so That's good. We should celebrate that Yay.
Software. So like, what's the last thing you

[00:56:23] **Adam Argyle:** How dare you be happy and positive on the internet.
Come on. Don't you know that that's not successful? That that probably got zero
that got

[00:56:29] **Adam Argyle:** negative Likes people hit the hate button. Yeah,
that's not engagement bait. You said something sweet and nice. Come on, it's not
gonna

[00:56:34] **Adam Argyle:** work.

[00:56:35] **Dave Rupert:** sucks.

[00:56:37] **Adam Argyle:** Oh, hey, that rings

[00:56:38] **Dave Rupert:** No, I'm just

[00:56:38] **Dave Rupert:** kidding.

[00:56:39] **Adam Argyle:** favorite

[00:56:40] **Dave Rupert:** I'm

[00:56:40] **Dave Rupert:** sorry.

[00:56:41] **Adam Argyle:** We got

[00:56:41] **Adam Argyle:** a, a couple of hot

[00:56:42] **Dave Rupert:** It is fine. It is fine. No, I just, anyway, I just
wanted to give you some, some good clips. it just like, what's the last thing
you used that got better? Right? Like, is hard to name the last thing that got
better like that, that you're

[00:56:56] **Dave Rupert:** like,

[00:56:57] **Robbie Wagner:** well you probably don't remember unless it got
drastically [00:57:00] better. 'cause most things do get worse. Like we said,
like Riverside used to be amazing. Not that it's not still amazing, but they're
trying to do too much now. I never had any bugs, any crashes, any problems,
nothing until they started adding a ton more features and now it has all of
that.

[00:57:14] **Robbie Wagner:** So, yeah. I'm trying to think of something that
got better.

[00:57:18] **Dave Rupert:** well, obsidian, do you know obsidian?

[00:57:20] **Robbie Wagner:** I, don't

[00:57:21] **Dave Rupert:** preach you to the good news about

[00:57:22] **Dave Rupert:** obsidian? , it's definitely not a cult. Why'd you
say that? That's ridiculous.

[00:57:27] **Adam Argyle:** I thought it was a mind

[00:57:28] **Dave Rupert:** yeah. So notion is, is great. I love notion, loved
notion, loved it. Uh, oh. , As the years go on, you're like, Hmm, man.

[00:57:39] **Dave Rupert:** It's kind of slow, huh? Like you, you just don't see
it at first 'cause you're so enamored with the product. Right. You're just, but
like, man, I'm on an obsidian boom instant. They launched this new basis feature
like databases, like Notion instant. I don't know how they do it.

[00:57:54] **Dave Rupert:** Well they do, it's marked out files backed by cul.
That's cool. So like, very simple, very [00:58:00] awesome. And it like syncs
and it's wonderful. It got better. , It's good. And I like that I used it, you
know, so that's another example of like, oh, that's a different software, but
it's like, I'm seeing how it can get better, you know?

[00:58:12] **Dave Rupert:** So

[00:58:13] **Robbie Wagner:** so we just started using Notion for this, uh,
podcast plan everything. Because when I was researching obsidian was like, yeah,
you can't use this with multiple people. Like it's mainly for one person.

[00:58:24] **Dave Rupert:** not great at multiplayer. , We use notion for shop
talk 'cause it's like good multiplayer. I use that for my old startup lro. So I
think the multiplayer of notion is also is better. Yeah.

[00:58:35] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. 'cause I was gonna try it out. I thought we
had a good use case for it, but then they told me no. So I didn't do it. I want
to try it, I should try it just for personal

[00:58:43] **Adam Argyle:** should try it.

[00:58:44] **Dave Rupert:** It's

[00:58:45] **Dave Rupert:** good for personal hyperlocal. Local first. It's
good.

[00:58:49] **Adam Argyle:** Well, I'm sorry, but I have to go. Gotta meet my
dad.

[00:58:52] **Dave Rupert:** That

[00:58:53] **Dave Rupert:** sounds fake.

[00:58:56] **Robbie Wagner:** Gotta meet my dad. That made it sound like you had
never met him before, like,[00:59:00]

[00:59:00] **Adam Argyle:** Oh man, I'm meeting all the dads today. My, my
spouse's dad was in town. My dad's staying the night at my house. Tonight we're
going out to dinner, so

[00:59:07] **Adam Argyle:** it's

[00:59:07] **Adam Argyle:** just

[00:59:07] **Adam Argyle:** a dad day. I'm a dad It's just dads all around. I
don't know.

[00:59:10] **Robbie Wagner:** Nice. Cool. Well, before we end, is there anything
you'd like to plug, Dave?

[00:59:13] **Dave Rupert:** Yeah, uh, you can listen to Shop talk shop talk
show.com. You can , come to our website, dave rupert.com. , Subscribe in RSS,
uh, yeah, I'm on ma on Blue Sky, not the other one. So, yeah.

[00:59:26] **Robbie Wagner:** Cool. All right. Thanks everyone for listening. If
you'd like to please subscribe, leave us some ratings and reviews. We appreciate
it, and we will catch you next time.

[00:59:33] **Outro:** You've been watching Whiskey Web and Whatnot. Recorded in
front of a live studio audience. What the fuck are you talking about, Chuck?
Enjoyed the show? Subscribe. You know, people don't pay attention to these,
right? Head to whiskey.fund for merchant to join our Discord server. I'm
serious, it's like 2% of people who actually click these links. And don't forget
to leave us a five star review and tell your friends about the show. All right,
[01:00:00] dude, I'm outta here. Still got it.
